{'text': " Today, we're going to be covering maps, games, and morality, which gives us a lot that we can touch on. I'm looking forward to learning a lot from three luminaries, Adrian, Andy, and Liz. I think we're starting off with Adrian, who is going to... I was starting to draw us all by having no slides. Hi, Adrian. I think actually, Liz was supposed to go first, wasn't it? My apologies, my apologies, and I'm not here. I'm happy to go in either order, whatever makes the most sense. I guess, anyway, that was what it said. Let's just start with Liz and then I'll do the middle and then... Sure, that sounds great. Kind of continuous iteration, right? Like, we have to learn things as we go. Great. All right. Why don't I share my screen, and hopefully people can confirm that they can see my screen. Yes, give me a thumbs up. Wonderful. So, hi, I'm Liz Fong-Jones, and I am a Principal Developer Advocate and Site Reliability Engineer at a company called Honeycomb.io. We're in the DevOps space, and we help companies better understand their complex software systems. But that's not what I'm here to talk about today. Well, I'll talk about it a little bit. This is not where I started, though, so let's chart the past towards how I wound up where I am today. Okay. So, 16 years ago, I came out to my biological family, and I was disowned, and I didn't have a lot of formal experience to draw upon. But what I did have to draw upon was a large community of people that had met through online gaming. I almost didn't make it, but I did make it because of games. So, this is why games are so near and dear to my heart, because they really let you kind of build community and practice things you wouldn't otherwise be able to necessarily in your real life. So, you know, jobs and people's lives are really multifaceted. You grow from learning new skills. So, I think games are a really crucial place for us to kind of practice these things, including, you know, skills like mapping. So, when I look back on my journey, I think about kind of some critical moments along the way and how I got to here. So, I learned a lot, kind of, and brought into practice in my daily life, how to teach and mentor people, how to be tactful, respectful, diplomatic, but still firm, how to delegate, how to not micromanage people, but how to give people the appropriate amount of autonomy. And when things do go wrong, how do I actually handle that? These are all kind of core things that relate to my job, but also are skills I learned through gaming. Let's talk about how I did that. So, I first ventured into the massively multiplayer online gaming world in 2004, when I picked up a game called Puzzle Pirates. And I was an organizer of a group of folks who were out, you know, playing the game and pirating the Mid-Dine Ocean together. And what I learned from that experience was how to really build on that set of skill of teaching people. I discovered, you know, Puzzle Pirates is not the most friendly game to learn initially. There are a lot of kind of skills you have to pick up along the way. And a lot of people kind of just, you know, would get, send you an invite off the docks and be like, hey, come join my, come join my fleet. And it's like, okay. And then they just like yell at you, right? And that was not at all productive. So, I eventually decided, you know what? I am going to, people who are being abusive in terms of just recruiting people and then not giving them any instructions, I'm going to apply the social puzzle. I'm going to PVP them until they stop doing that. And it was kind of this ridiculously cool immersion gameplay moment, right? Like where, where I was suddenly in this position of punishing people who are not, who are not, you know, not with game mechanics, with game mechanics, but not sanctioned by the game developers. I was punishing people who were, who were engaging in behavior that was anti-social in the game. Super, super fun. The other fun thing was kind of organizing movements, figuring out how do I actually make all of these groups of people work together? So, for instance, we decided we were going to PVP a particular group. And this here, what you're seeing on your screen, this is about 200, 300 people on each side fighting each other. Each one of those ships has about 20, 30 people working that ship. So, you conquer an island with blockades. Blockades are kind of a game of captured flag. You have to have ships and ships have to have pirates and you have to distribute pay to all of those people, right? So, how do you actually get all those ships sailing in the correct directions, not friendly firing each other, and how do you make sure that every single person on that ship is having fun, engaged? So, I learned a lot about delegation and kind of organizing people and movements through puzzle pirates. The other thing was that puzzle pirates was my first tech job. I learned how to start debugging systems through that. So, I started off kind of in the QA role, right? Like, I was organizing user reports of trouble as a volunteer, even not even as a paid employee, and kind of documenting, here's what's going on, here are known workarounds, here's what you do. And that's how I got my first tech job, and that first tech job really, really saved my life, because as I said, I was disowned. I had no income. And that was really, really life changing for me to realize that kind of those skills of collating information, organizing people, that I could kind of parlay that into something that would pay me money. So, this is kind of an area where I think it's really exciting that Andy and I are on the same panel, because even mine, again, massively changed my life. So, thank you, Andy. So, this is me. My ship is actually currently docked in LSC4P, which is a system in the syndicate region. And I've worn a number of hats over the past, what, eight years playing EVE Online. But right now, I handle kind of diplomacy, logistics. Those are kind of my key strength areas. So, what EVE Online taught me, which I kind of, you know, brought skills from my real life as a state reliability engineer into EVE Online, and then vice versa, is what do you do when the shit hits the fan? So, it turns out that if you're in a chaotic situation, and no one is giving orders, it turns out that it's better for someone, anyone, to step up and say, do this, rather than just let things, let things develop. Because if you don't really kind of have someone coordinating, everyone's going to go their own way and you're going to wind up with your fleet wiped. It's not really great. So, you kind of have to make sure that, you know, people are willing and able to step up when they can, that you kind of have clear delegation of roles, and that also people keep mindful of communication bandwidth, right? Like, how much can one person process at a time? Are you spamming up the chatter? Are you actually contributing something useful? I also learned a lot about how to keep things running for a longer period of time, because an engagement doesn't necessarily last for like half an hour in like a, you know, MOBA match, right? Our incidents in DevOps don't last half an hour, right? Like, they can last hours, days, months. So, how do you think about coordinating all this stuff? How do you distribute all the workload, right? How do you make sure that people will be awake at any given moment for the next week for 24 hours straight per day, right? How do you actually do that? How do you preserve operational security? How do you do retrospectives so you learn from these things? There's a lot of overlap between DevOps and what I learned in EVE Online. And also, like, you know, you kind of have to, I like to say that in our workplaces, you know, in general, you should be able to trust your coworkers, but you should not trust your systems. So, why do we just kind of, you know, trust our systems to do the right thing and not add any defenses in depth? You've got to add defenses in depth, right? Otherwise, same way, I could just, you know, control A, drag everything into my hangers, right? What if your systems walked away with all your queries? That wouldn't be so good, would it? But I think the kind of, you know, you can learn those skills from kind of a number of different situations, but I think one of the really cool things for me was learning people management from games. So, there's kind of this hierarchy of, like, spheres of people that you interact with, right? You have to, you know, take care of yourself. And there's kind of, you know, maybe like 20 people, 50 people, 100 people that you interact with most closely. And then there's kind of, you know, maybe a few thousand people that you interact with. And at one point in time, about five years ago, I was suddenly put in charge of 10,000 people, of 10,000 strangers. So, I kind of had to really think about, like, you know, what do you do? You got to listen? You got to think about, like, what do you do if there's that kind of rock star 10x engineer, right? And they're pissing everyone off. Turns out maybe coddling them is not right thing to you. Maybe you kind of have to actually, you know, gently give them feedback and eventually say, you know what, this organization is not right for you. So, I seriously had to do this. I had to fire my former boss, any of online. I had to fire the person who used to run my alliance and put me in charge. And then I had to fire him, right? I'd never have to do that in a 10 or 20 year career, I hope. But I had to do that in Eve. And it kind of taught me a lot about how to be a manager. Situation, behavior, impact, feedback really, really matters. And also, you know, friends, friendships matter. It's a very, very small world. So, you know, kind of have to value your trust worthiness, right? Find mutual benefit, find places where your interests intersect with someone else. Fun story, we were trying to evict someone's sandcastle and knock it over and see all their stuff. And we wound up getting along culturally with them so well that we recruited them. And now they're directors in our organization. It's amazing. It's hilarious. And those are the fun things that you can open yourself to if you just keep an open mind and people actually have that belief that you're going to be true to your word. But another thing that I learned is to really stick to your principles, right? Like, you know, if someone tells you to do something and you don't want to do it, you know, don't do it, right? Like, even if there's a cost to it. So I got involved in a very, very messy civil war in Eve about seven years ago. And we said, we're not going to bend the knee. Like, you know, sorry, like, you know, that's your perspective, we're going to defend our principles to the very end. So a lot of these lessons carry over both into my site reliability engineering work as well as into being a manager for real. So really briefly, factorial, Esseries, those two things kind of go together, peanut butter and jelly. So do less work yourself. Be really, really impatient, be lazy and kind of prioritize where you spend your time. And if things go wrong, well, you know, you have to get a picture in your head of what does the system look like? And instead of memorizing every single little detail, how do I bisect? How do I figure out where this problem is coming from so that I can get to the bottom of it? And make sure that your system is self-adjusting. Don't just let it kind of bottleneck because you weren't paying attention. So let's talk a little bit about kind of the broader lessons I've learned over the past kind of 15 years of playing games. You know, you have to be really intentional about growth. You have to think about like, what do you want to learn? How are you going to grow yourself? How are you going to get there? And yes, a map can help. So kind of, you know, what are you going to do next? What skills does your next project require? What skills you want to learn? And how are you going to learn those skills? Even if you fail at it, it's a lesson in and of itself. And when you bring those skills to work, you can be more successful. So I think one interesting thing is that I didn't realize it at the time, but I was kind of performing mapping when I was kind of structuring these social systems, right, engineering them for success, or at least for my organization success, right, making sure that all of the incentives were aligned correctly for people to feel like they were having meaningful impact autonomy and that they're having fun. And mapping also influenced my work. As I said in the infos, like about a year ago, year and a half ago, I learned formally about mapping. And that led me to kind of develop this mapping technique within the Honeycomb organization to think about how we message about observability, how we message about kind of this, about this maturity model of where's your organization along its observability journey. But gaming didn't all just help my day job. Gaming also really, really influenced the things that relate to workplace organizing. It helped me develop a sense of morality, right, of standing up for what you think is right, even if it has a personal cost for you. And if something doesn't align with my internal compass, I'm going to follow my internal compass every single time. And I'll know exactly what I need to do to rally other people who also feel that same internal compass. So over the past couple of years, there have been a number of articles about what went wrong at Google, right? What happened in terms of neo-Nazis developing a beachhead inside of the company? What happened in terms of the company abandoning the principle of don't be evil? And other companies, workers at other companies have also followed that example of how to stand up against your employer, how to really fight for what you think is right. And one of the exciting projects I'm working on now outside of work is a solidarity fund that will help people with kind of cash payments to assist them in the event that they face retaliation from their workplaces if they're trying to organize for better working conditions or for more just workplaces. So that's kind of it for me. Go forth and learn and map. I hope it's as useful to you as it was to me. Let me unmute myself. Wow, Liz. Where do we start with that? That was personal. At the same time, I could see, as somebody with a little bit of experience around mapping, I could really see almost every process you described right from the beginning story. So my first question in my head was actually, how much did you learn from policing the gaming community and sort of excluding people with the wrong behavior and right behavior? And how did that sort of feed back? How much did your personal experience actually inform that is really the question? I hadn't personally been gang pressed in puzzle pirates, but I kind of picked up the pieces after that when you'd have people wandering around being like, help, help. My crew is not giving me any assistance learning the game, right? Funny thing, the same thing also does happen a little bit, Neve online. People just get recruited and then told to send themselves to the middle of nowhere and then they get bored, right? So kind of helping people recover from that situation is a thing that really influenced me to do something about it. Yeah, and the other piece is mapping outside the context of business. We talk about evolutionary processes tend to focus on the ones that involve some sort of competition. When you step up with that, so when I think of mapping my girlfriend's future career, we're sort of looking at what things may you want to do with a specific skill set that are away from the industry that you do now. I certainly wish I'd been, you know, super intentional about it, but I kind of did it by accident. Right, well, it's the last point on the be super intentional about growth and it's the, well, I rarely find people who have got great, great growth paths, great paths where they've grown a lot who can look back and say, actually, I plan most of it. There's some level of serendipity. You know, if I look at where I sit in my world, I could probably see a few sort of individual points where I say, well, that was completely out of my control. But I suppose there's some value in recognizing what can you do, even if things are completely out of your control, what can you do to kind of influence the outcome? Right, like, how can you minimize the effect of bad luck? Right, how can you maximize the impact of good luck? And sometimes even just being able to define which bit was luck in which bit was me, you know, there's a whole industry of people who invest our money out there and there's lots of data out there to suggest that perhaps they're no better than a computer, an animal or a small child. But, you know, in our own decision making, I see where the value of just even being able to recognize, you know, what was intentional, what was serendipitous, and then what was just completely unordered. Yeah, retrospectives, right, retrospectives are huge. One of the things that we do kind of both in the DevOps space and in Eva Mine is like, do retrospectives, right? Like, what did we learn from this? Well, what went well, what went not well, like, I'm not going to yell at you because you made a mistake, right? Like, I'd like to understand why did why was it so easy to make that mistake? Is there something we can use systematically to shore up the system for next time? No, that's fantastic. Andy, Adrian, anything you can add to that? Any questions that you might have for Liz before we open the floor? It's brought up some thoughts for me. When I was growing up, we didn't really, I'm a bit older, we didn't really have computers in the internet. And I started playing like Luna Landu when I was about 13 on some kind of mainframe thing at school, but not really gaming in this sense. But for me, the strategy game that I learned a lot from growing up was chess. I played chess in high school. I played it at county level at one of the local clubs, and I played a bit at university as well. So I think it's got this, it's these sort of strategy games you learn from chess, you learn sort of the, you know, controlling space, as well as the, you know, the positions map to space, had a plan ahead, how to, and then there's a sort of a pattern library for openings and things. So there's this and sort of doctrine and some things there. So I think that for me, that was one of the sort of formative things as I grew up in gaming. And obviously, I was playing other games and online games later, but in those formative years, I think it's good. And I saw my son growing up playing online role playing strategy games. And, right, so many parents are like, Oh my God, get off the computer, you're not, you're just like, no, you're learning. Yeah, he's, he's got moved into product management, which is all about strategy role playing and making alliances. He was doing sort of galactic conquest kind of stuff. But it wasn't Eve, but I forget which one. But I definitely see the value of gaming for developing your, your sense of strategy and tactics and different things. So I think it's really interesting to do. So what I want to know is, do you actually map to create strategy for your coalition? Are you like the resource like a tactically in the online? Like, are you mapping the resource landscape, the dependencies to move fleets or, or, you know, resources, what you need to try to find the gaps? Yeah, we definitely map through things like, you know, if we're about to deploy somewhere, what do we need? Right? Like, what do we need in terms of income for our pilots? What do we need in terms of ships? How are we going to get those ships? What do we need in terms of diplomacy? Right? Like, there's kind of this forest of, you know, in order for us to thrive here, what, what do we need, what do we need to succeed? It's not necessarily formally written out like in the map diagram sense, but like, it's definitely a skill that all of us who are kind of in the leadership of this group are thinking about when we plan through, you know, how, hey, here's what we're planning to do next. And just to the point, Edwin made about around learning that you added to Liz, I remember being told we get off the computer, go out and actually do things in the weird situation we have now. Whereas if you had a child, you had a choice between three hours on social media or three hours in a game, you probably put them in the nice contained, well thought out space where the things, you know, the outside influences at least can be managed, at least it's curated in a way. Whereas in the social sphere, it's just, hey, I'm going to introduce my child to all the worst things that humanity has to offer, and they can talk directly to them. So it's just interesting the way the world has changed in that way or the space has changed. We've got one question so far in the Q&A, and I can't imagine it's the only one. So we will come back. So what we might do is we don't, if we don't have questions yet, we'll just come back in this sort of shared Q&A. Question from Christopher, have you discussed the MMRPG experience with Simon? Yes, I have. It's actually how I came to be speaking here. Simon was like, yes, your experience with MMOs is like fascinating. Let's have you talk at Mat Camp. How long was the conversation and how detailed did it go into a specific game? We talked a fair bit on Twitter. It actually wasn't synchronous, but we actually talked a lot about my experience with you from online. Brilliant. Thanks, Liz. I don't think we've got any questions for now. So what we'll do is we'll go into this curious session that Adrian has planned for us, where I think we're going to see a map develop live. So great for any newbies watching, anybody who wants to get a better handle on this, you're watching a domain expert show us how he maps. Dromero. Actually, I was thinking the games I play now are mostly inter-company, standards body, political, like, I could say CNCF board meetings and things like that. It's an interesting, I get to do it for real now, so the stakes are higher, I guess. Yeah. So I mean, yeah, Sajing, it was the end I'm going to talk about a new Linux foundation body that I've got involved in that's in the sustainability area. But I'm going to start off by trying to show this map that I've been doing here. Okay, I'm screen sharing. Good. There. All right. Can people see this screen? We can. All right. But a weird focus. A weird focus? So on the right hand side, you should hopefully see a map. Oh, no, we just see a text file that says Morality Map. Oh, why isn't it sharing? Are you on more than one screen? I don't know what's going on here. Let's just stop the sharing and try sharing it again. That's, yeah, that's this. Okay. Let's share the whole desktop. And then when I open this. All right. Can you see the browser now? We can. All right. Good. So what I'm going to be talking about, I'm trying to figure out if you can use mapping to map rather than a value chain, I'm calling it kind of a morality chain. It's sort of thinking of morals as the things which are accepted by society, if you like. And in particular, from a corporate point of view. So there's this thing called corporate responsibility or corporate social responsibility or environmental social and governance, which is what is the company's position on a thing that matters to you, whether it's, you know, Black Lives Matter or women's rights or whatever. So I'll sort of try to sort of explore this space and look at the evolution of these things as they move from fringe sort of the idea is basically start out as one person has an idea and they're obviously a lunatic because there's only one of them. And then you get a few more people. It becomes sort of a fringe thing. Then it moves, then it becomes sort of a movement, a pressure, still a minority, but it's a movement that's got its own identity. And then it sort of turns from this custom built thing into something that's more like a product or an option. So you can choose a particular set of societal norms. You can decide that maybe you want to form unions, not everyone likes unions, but some people do, some people don't. So they're sort of examples of things where there's a prebuilt thing that you can buy into. And the, but the world is divided, not everyone agrees that these things are universally good there. And you know, there's there's two sides or more than one option. And then finally, you get to this sort of commodity utility model where you've got your regulation that's everyone should run the companies the same way. There's financial regulations and things like that and laws are sort of the thing that really builds down. So okay, it's a law of the country, everyone has to do it whether you like it or not. This thing has been completely accepted at this point. So does that make sense? The people, yeah. And then the people sort of the the anchors for this map, if you're an if you're a company, you're trying to acquire new customers. So I put that in the sort of Genesis side, right? You're these are new people that you want them to think good things about you and buy something from you and not say, I don't want to buy from this company because the CEO says something stupid, right? And then there's shareholders who are looking at the corporate position of organizations. And then there's employees who see sort of the inside of you of it, right? So that's sort of got and then I spent forever building this this thing and I'm going to try I'm going to animate it by commenting things to sort of try to display it. So to start with, we've got the public position, like this is the position that's accepted out in the market, what people say. And then there's a private position, which is what's said internally. And hopefully they're congruent. Occasionally, then they're not quite so congruent, right? One of the reasons is maybe there's stuff that's private that hasn't been released yet, like there's a lot of stuff being developed and we haven't quite got to the point where we're announcing it to the world, that we've done some good things or whatever. And sometimes there's just organizations where what they say publicly is not the same as what they're doing internally. And employees look at both of those and sometimes they go, you know what, I'm going to leave or I'm going to complain about this so that we've, as Liz mentioned, some examples of that. So, all right, so hopefully that makes sense. So then there's what the executives say, like, you know, the CEO of says something either good or stupid and the world reacts and they think something different about the company. Marketing are producing content that's web pages, there's pages about, you know, this is your position on some social issue. And then there's a bunch of internal content, which is all the things internal to the company which support that private position, the marketing or the executive statements, you know, what data do you have, what are you actually doing, all that kind of stuff. And quite often, we're actually seeing board level mandates, like there are rules now that boards have to have a female member, at least one, in fact, in California has now made the rule to say there should be two. It's not just a token, it should be like we're looking for a more representative and diverse board. So there's a board level mandate in the best practices. So this is starting to come down from organizations that boards are looking at diversity, for example. Sometimes you're part of a supply chain, right, you either have a supply chain of people, companies who supply you with goods, or you are part of a supply, where you supply some of the company. Think about a manufacturing supply chain. And there are mandates that come down as part of that supply chain, particularly sustainability is one where saying I need to know the carbon footprint of this thing. Okay, I bought a power supply from somebody, what is the carbon footprint of that power supply, those kinds of things. Another thing is direct losses, hopefully this makes sense. So sometimes it could be, hey, my building got flooded by climate change. It could be people are boycotting your product because they don't like something about your company, like Hobby Lobby is an example, or they're, some people like it, some people don't. So you get this sort of divisions in society where some people will align and some people will reject. You're also potentially building products that are based on this differentiation, like, you know, my product is not labeled green, or sustainable in some way, or it particularly supports, like you see labeled women and businesses or minority and businesses and on label of products or consumer products. So maybe you can differentiate your product based on your public position on some issue. And then calling this rehabilitation, but the best example probably is Volkswagen. There's this whole thing about diesel gate where they were cheating, they've been huge fines, people have been fired. The response of Volkswagen is that they have moved very heavily to electric vehicles. They basically said we have to do something, we have to rehabilitate our reputation. And they made, they built the bullet and went very strongly into a new generation, or something that they wouldn't probably have done before. Another example is energy companies like BP, who are now green, green energy suppliers and have very strong mandates to become, they're trying to move to a post oil economy, you're seeing this in some of the, some of the states in in Arabia like Bahrain, they're investing in the post oil economy, what are they going to do when the oil runs out? So there's sort of ideas here where you're trying, you had a previous position that wasn't good, but you're trying to rehabilitate it. Just going to pause here, does that make some kind of sense? I'm going to try to get all the labels right here. Any comments on that at this point? People don't want to actually comment, but okay, let's move on a bit. I was on mute there Adrian. What I will say, to anybody who's watching and wants to comment, to ask any questions, I know that Adrian likes an interactive sort of conversation, and this is the question and answer. So feel free to interject with questions. I'll find a suitable moment to jump in and ask them. Yeah. So given, so what I try to do here is map the various components that, that would make up a corporate position on something. So then the next question is, so what does this look like for a particular issue? And I think one that gives a real sort of clear view of this, I think is women's rights. And if you look at 100 years ago, women's rights were, were emergent. And there was a tweet I saw today that on this day in 1907, which is only just over 100 years ago, was the sort of birth of the suffragette movement in the UK, where women said, you know, hey, we want the right to vote. And we did it at a meeting where I think Winston Churchill was, was the, was doing some rally and he said, hey, we want the right to vote. They got put in prison for disrupting this meeting. So, you know, obviously, nowadays, we've moved on a little bit, and we can show the evolution of this to it's now, it's a, you know, it's the law of the land that you should be equal in many different ways. And it's socially unacceptable to have for a company to have the position that they can discriminate against women. Right. It 100 years ago, it was normal, you wouldn't be, it would be disadvantaged. And now it's become mainstream. Right. So this does that make sense? Yeah. So if we think about, I'm going to hide those again. This is the first time I've used this tool, and I'm sort of still figuring out whether this is a good way of doing it. If we look at another one, let's say the minimum wage. This is something where obviously, the employees themselves care about it, because maybe some of them are getting that minimum wage. There's unions, there's the societal norms, there's regulations and laws about it. And it's kind of evolving to the right. It's becoming more prevalent. It's becoming something that more CEOs are standing up and saying, yeah, there should be a minimum wage, it should be at a higher level, that kind of thing. But it's still in this emerging stage, that there isn't universal agreement that this is a good thing, but it's moving from the left to the right in this competing options, meaning that it's moving from a minority position to a more majority position, I think. And then to put it on the same area, we've got this idea of universal basic income, which is something that I think is still kind of a fringe view. There's maybe a movement around it. There's a few people saying this would be a good idea. And there's a few countries in the world and a few places where it's being tried. But I'd say that it's still off on the left. So one of the interesting things to look at in terms of mapping is, can you track universal basic income moving to the right? Can you find more people supporting it? Is it something that's going to become mainstream over time? And how does it affect these discussions about minimum wage and what is a living wage and all this kind of stuff? So does that seem like a reasonable way of looking at this? Okay. It does. There's an ongoing stream in the chat, by the way, which is just basically saying that people are really enjoying the method. A few people saying they will be stealing this methodology of slowly uncommenting the way of sort of sharing. I'm going to share this document because there's a way to do a clone of all share thing. I'll put that in the chat later. Yeah. There was one question which was around the X axis. And I think it was just to do with the zoom window. So asking was the X axis basically lunatics to laws. And I think what's now visible is the new crazy ideas to put it under. Yeah. So what I put along the bottom was new ideas, not necessarily crazy, but people generally think of them. If only one person has an idea, then it generally gets people think it's a crazy idea. And then building consensus, competing options and broadly accepted. And I was trying, it sort of aligns with the general evolution axis in some way. Okay. Here's one that's a bit more current, is sort of racial equality. And how that is evolving. Well, I think there's one question from Andy Bennett, which is just about Overtone Windows. So is it possible to visualize the Overtone window on this kind of map? I just want you to answer that. Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking this actually does talk. It is the Overtone window is when something moves from being a lunatic idea that's not safe for discussion in public company or whatever you call it, to something that becomes accepted. And we're seeing this on both sides. In fact, we see it on the right wing will push, will do sort of regressive or conservative, but they'll reintroduce ideas that they that are, you know, will try and push to the left, push an idea to the left, make the idea of racial discrimination more currently popular or more something that can be discussed rather than something that's off the table. So the Overtone window is like what is on the table. So we're always adding things to put it on the table is a progressive thing and they're trying to push back is more of a conservative thing. So there's some kind of sense that this is sort of progressive pushed to the right and conservatives try to block it or push back to the left. The Overtone window is the what is, you know, what you can chat up, talk about on TV without getting fired, kind of whatever you want to call that thing. I think that the one that I wanted to put up here next was sort of the Black Lives Matter, which was something that was, you know, it emerged recently. And what I thought was remarkable was the number of, you know, I was getting emails from all kinds of companies this year about their COVID response and what they thought about Black Lives Matter. All these companies wouldn't even know they had our emails, right? All these companies that you ever dealt with would felt compelled to send you a message saying this is what we think about Black Lives Matter and executive statements. Andy Jassy has been the public about this and from many other corporate, large corporates. And there's actually stuff going on inside Amazon to, you know, there's real change happening this year as a result of this. This is this a new focus on adding diversity. There are new goals around this and a lot more sort of, it's been like, yes, we support racial equality, but there's been additional focus on it. So I think what's happened this year is that the ideas around racial equality, the morality of it has moved more mainstream. And organizations that don't have a public position on this are going to be starting getting, you know, losing customers and suffering from being excluded from the, like getting out of that overton window if you're like, that makes sense? Yeah. So I was just trying to pick a few things that I thought were reasonably that people would resonate with people. The one that I kind of, I really started off with, but I want to end with is sustainability, because this is something I'm personally involved with at the moment. If you think about building sustainable products, there's quite a bit of product differentiation you can do. So this product was made in a sustainable way. We're seeing that's quite a bit of branding around that. There's people that have not had sustainable products in the past, like oil companies that are trying to rehabilitate and, you know, then, you know, you get accused of greenwashing, but they are trying to do that, be better in many cases. So there's some issues around that. There's definitely direct losses from sustainability, climate change impact is affecting companies directly, as well as, you know, affecting their sort of reputation, their products. This is an area where the supply chain mandates pretty strong, and we're starting to get some board level mandates. And in fact, it's just starting to evolve a little bit more. And let's just say, I'm going to add this next. So one of the things that's happening is this idea of a financial risk assessment. So what is the, if you take an organization like a company, a publicly listed company, what is the financial risk to that company based on different climate change scenarios? Like, are they going to lose business? Are they going to gain business? What is affecting their value? And this is starting to become something that is part of the quarterly reporting of financial results. And just starting to see these carbon footprint reports and things like that coming out from different companies, large companies. So there's a, so this is currently more on a voluntary basis, but New Zealand has just made this mandatory. So one of the things is this is likely to start spreading around the world to become a mandatory thing. There's a thing called the Science-Based Targets Initiative. And this is a sort of a standardized way of doing that reporting. And most recently, there's the Linux Foundation has created something called the Climate Finance Foundation, which sounds a bit weird. Why would climate and finance matter? What this is, it's the people who do portfolio valuations trying to understand the climate risks to those portfolios. And this is insurance companies. Like, how do you insure and how do you do corporate level insurance when some of the buildings are going to be underwater in 10 years, those kinds of things? That's physical risk, but there's also business risk. There's lots of other types of risk or economic risk, all those kinds of things, if the economy restructures because of climate change. Anyway, so the idea of the LFCF is that by standardizing and making it easier for companies to report their financial climate risk, it will actually cause a business justification for companies to spend more on doing something about it. Right? So the sort of hope here is that we've basically, we pull sustainability from something that's kind of a minority position that a few companies are worried about, to something that most companies report. And in the case of New Zealand, it's now a law. So we would pull across that line and to be just mandatory. And I think, so this is, that's what I've got is the discussion, but this is the, I'm currently AWS is sort of representative, or one of the people leading our work on LFCF. And it just was announced a month or so ago, we're sort of gradually putting together basically a data lake that has all of the relevant data in it, and that other people can work with. Other people involved in this, Microsoft, Alliance, S&P Global, and a few other smaller companies that do climate risk modeling and things like that. So anyway, that was, that was what I had. Happy to throw that open to questions. I'll go look at the discussion panel. I bring your attention to one of them in the beginning, Rob Tully. From a mapping beginner, why the, why the top concepts so far over to the left? Why would your class of public corporate position as fringes or executive statements close to lunatic? Did those bits evolve too? Yeah, it was more that they're, they're new, they're created, they're novel, right? So the, when like say, about a year ago, Jeff Bezos got up and said, publicly, we're going to have this climate pledge. We're going to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early, and we're going to move Amazon from being middle of the pack to a leading position, right? So that is a corporate statement, which was a novel thing for the company. So I put it right out of there. It was a new thing, and it basically dragged the company over and pulled it across. So that's the sort of What's interesting is what pre predecessors were to it, right? Like the article that I showed, like on my second to last slide, right? Like that was Amazon employees pledging to go on climate strike, right? And I think that that's super interesting that Amazon like put out the climate pledge only like after the employees like had agitated for a while, right? Like so is this thing where you needed both kind of some amount of leadership will to do it, or at least to be goaded into doing it, or they wanted like the cover with their investors to do it. And then that combination led the company to be dragged in that direction, right? So it's not just executive. I think it supported it. I think the planning for this was way pre predated the employee activism, maybe the timing of when it was announced was driven by that, to some extent. But Kara Hurst was hired as VP of sustainability six years ago. So there's a long history of things developing. And then the question is when how do you position that? So yes, so there's this internal external marketing positioning and executive leadership on these issues. And some of it is driven internally and some of it is driven by sort of by sort of trying to manage a public situation. So you see that across the space. But yeah, there's, it's definitely, it's an interesting area. So I'm going to have a look at what we have. So Liz's question, though, how would you, that's the best way to ask this. How would you quantify the impact of the internal employee action on the overall decision? So did it accelerate it? Did it increase the overall magnitude of the impact? I have no effect at all. I don't think it had as much impact as they thought. I think it was already in plan. It may have affected the timing of when it was done, but it was done around a, another public event. I forget exactly what it was, but this is also because when you're looking from the outside, you see the public position changing. You don't see that internal position. So the internal position is usually ahead of the public position. Right. So there's a lot more going on, for example, in sustainability that, than is being talked about right now in a lot of companies. And as things mature and get sorted out, they get, okay, now we're ready to talk about it. And it gets put up there publicly. And if you're agitating from the outside for something to happen, then it can look like what happened in response to you, but you know, you're certainly helping the justify it, but you're not necessarily causing it. I think that's probably the, the, how I, how I put that from sort of seeing it from inside and outside. So we've got questions ranging from the overturn window, just the general relevance of that, and a few sort of specific mapping related questions. Also, I did say that, I don't know, that's, that's more towards the end after with Adandy. Yeah, there's a point here that Black Lives Matter is moving to the right much faster. Yeah, I mean, that is a social movement that's came up much more recently and was really captured the sort of the public, the public discussion. Right. So I'd say, of sustainability has been a long running thing, and there's been an entrenched battle over it for the last decade or two, where the lot of misinformation and, you know, oil companies and people like vested interests trying to block it. And I think that some of the more recent things that spread more virally in the public consciousness, like they, you'll get, they're just going to come up, right? And there'll be, there will be more things that come up. And then so the question then is, if you're an organization trying to figure out how to map these things, maybe you're looking, you could map the things which may be emerging and say, what would we do if this issue became a hot topic or this issue became a hot topic? Or have we figured out what our strategic response to that would be? And do it sort of a forward looking scenario planning exercise, right? And then, because one of the things that is for predicting the future, there's this sort of Heisenberg effect, which you can predict what will happen, or you can predict when it will happen, but you can't predict both. Right. So there's a bunch of things that I've been waiting for. This is going to happen one day, but I can't say when, it's maybe this year, maybe next year, maybe years out. Right. Because then you should show as well, where does the Black Lives, when does the activities of the Black Lives Matter movement stop, and the activities of the civil rights movement that goes on, goes much further back and, and where do they overlap? To me, the interesting thing is just the, was it specific incidents? Was it the domain? So if we look at the political scenario that we find, who the US President is, certain messaging around that, how much did that influence the success of the Black Lives Matter movement you get into? And really, it's, you've got to map it at this point. The only way to really understand it is to map it. Yeah. I think there's definitely a lot of current environment will, will drive that. But the point, I think, is that the overall racial equality, which was already, you know, reasonably well institutionalized, but was maybe there was some lip service to it in some cases, that what I'm seeing is organizations beefing up their internal racial equality goals, metrics, you know, and hiring policies, promotion policies, just saying, okay, we need to be much stronger in this area. And I think that that is part of the sort of corporate response to the social situation. So I think that's actually, hopefully that was, people got that. That's what I was talking about. Yeah, it's good. I think that one of the challenges around that is to what extent our corporations, you know, wanting to appear to do the right thing versus do the right thing, right? Like where they may be trying to appease, you know, appease people who are mad at the company without necessarily making structural changes. Yeah, that's sort of the greenwashing or whatever the equivalent of that would be for other issues. But yeah, there can be certainly cases where like the PR team basically, okay, let's just stop the bleeding here and get a statement out. And then we'll deal with what that means internally later. I'm, you know, I think it depends what kind of company it is and how it's driven. But from what I've seen, you know, I most recently worked at Netflix and Amazon, and there's a lot of very deep corporate responsibility in both those organizations. Something from Netflix I saw recently, they decided to place some of their banking with minority owned banks, so black owned banks, I think they had like 100 million of the money that they just have stashed away somewhere. They said, we're just going to hold it, we're just going to open bank accounts at banks where we want to support that business. So that was, I thought that was an interesting idea. But those kinds of things sort of start up as sort of individual ideas, and then eventually, maybe one day that moves to become more of a common thing that people do. I think it's interesting that you had employees in this map as well, because I think it's becoming a point of survival for knowledge intensive, knowledge work intensive businesses to have people want to work there. And this is one of these situations where culture is another one of these topics that companies now invest heavily in, because everybody's realized since many years now that you cannot, you can no longer micromanage anybody's work. You have to sort of trust that they are somehow committed to what the company is working on. And if that mission of the company is not palatable to a large amount of highly competent people, you're probably not going to be successful as a business. So I think that this is very interesting to see this mapped. And I think that many, many companies have implicitly done this type of mapping and recognize it as it also a pure kind of talent pipeline survival question. Because you say employees care about this, not just existing employees, but potential future employees. And people are now, like you're saying, starting to leave companies that do not. Yeah, it's a percentage play, right? It's what percentage of employees are willing to walk out the door. And as we saw with Coinbase, it's at least 5%, right? And I think that that's pretty telling that 5% of employees would walk away from their jobs in the middle of the pandemic. Yeah, and it's not just that people, it's not just that people sort of leave companies that are atrocious or like work on actively sort of bad stuff. It's that people are just choosing not to take employment in the first place. If these things not just only meet like a baseline, it's not enough to be like not evil. There is now the demand is moving like the consensus, the morality kind of consensus is moving further right to say that this is like active effort is now a new baseline for many, many businesses and types of companies. It becomes really interesting. You just mentioned COVID, Liz, and then the pandemic and the widening of the practical field at which companies are willing to go to for talent, the dropping of the barriers around what you need to show and where you need to be in order to be hired. So it now means that you're hiring across a far more diverse field of opinions. You know, when I want to pick up something in one country, it's going to be an entire entirely. So you've got to track a lot more. It's not just tracking what's going on in one domain, but also in where you might want to hire people and understanding how messages carry across jurisdictions. Yeah, I think certainly we could do like one of the examples I could draw on this map is working from home, right? What is the corporate position on working from home? Some companies fully distributed, others like you really have to be there. And I think we've seen an evolution of that idea to become much more mainstream in the last year, during this year. We have so many questions, so little time. So I'd love to hear from Andy and see Andy's talk as well and what we'll do with the Q&A time. We'll open it out so we can ask questions on any of the three talks you've seen so far. And thanks everyone for your questions. They're really good. All right, let's get some something up on the screen here. Let's see if I can follow. Let's see if I can follow these two talks. So I'm Andy Norgren and I have a background in a lot of contexts where you could say it's sort of user-driven services or where user initiative and participation matters a whole lot for the thing to be successful. One of these things is even online, the game that I'm happy to hear it changed Liz's life that I worked on for about eight years. So started on the tech side there and then went over to run product development and eventually as executive producer. Right now I'm at Unity Technologies, more back on the tech and engineering side again rather than the product side. But there's a lot in common actually with designing for user-driven game environments and thinking about technology organizations. And a lot of the things around mapping which is thinking about how teams actually interact and you also have the teachings from the Team Topologies book which is all about team interactions. And for me this all ties together kind of very nicely and there's some strong explanatory power in both mapping and the evolution concept but also in these kind of teachings from various corners related to the mapping community. But what I want to talk about today is really what has coming from this type of background where designing for multiple people at the same time, interacting with each other is kind of built in. I have been surprised and sort of baffled when coming to other contexts about how not present this concept is when people do design or think about systems. And I encountered sort of the same when I came to wordly maps because here we have the user need as an anchor which is amazing. And as we saw just in Adrian's map now we can visualize with a map some of the interdependencies and relationships that really matter for something in the value chain. But what I've always looked to do is to zoom in on those actual relationships and think about how do we actually design actively not sort of accidentally for people with each other rather than people with our system. And so this is what I want to talk about today is to share my little framework for how I actually do this and the hope that this will be useful for you as well. So what I'm talking about here really is that what we very commonly see is a focus even if we have a user focus you have doctrine from", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 9.44, 'text': " Today, we're going to be covering maps, games, and morality, which gives us a lot that we can touch on.", 'tokens': [50364, 2692, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 312, 10322, 11317, 11, 2813, 11, 293, 29106, 11, 597, 2709, 505, 257, 688, 300, 321, 393, 2557, 322, 13, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3030385400494959, 'compression_ratio': 1.656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17017482221126556}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 9.44, 'end': 15.280000000000001, 'text': " I'm looking forward to learning a lot from three luminaries, Adrian, Andy, and Liz.", 'tokens': [50836, 286, 478, 1237, 2128, 281, 2539, 257, 688, 490, 1045, 32476, 4889, 11, 31746, 11, 13285, 11, 293, 16480, 13, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3030385400494959, 'compression_ratio': 1.656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17017482221126556}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 15.280000000000001, 'end': 18.400000000000002, 'text': " I think we're starting off with Adrian, who is going to...", 'tokens': [51128, 286, 519, 321, 434, 2891, 766, 365, 31746, 11, 567, 307, 516, 281, 485, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3030385400494959, 'compression_ratio': 1.656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17017482221126556}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 0, 'start': 18.400000000000002, 'end': 22.16, 'text': ' I was starting to draw us all by having no slides. Hi, Adrian.', 'tokens': [51284, 286, 390, 2891, 281, 2642, 505, 439, 538, 1419, 572, 9788, 13, 2421, 11, 31746, 13, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3030385400494959, 'compression_ratio': 1.656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17017482221126556}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 0, 'start': 22.88, 'end': 25.68, 'text': " I think actually, Liz was supposed to go first, wasn't it?", 'tokens': [51508, 286, 519, 767, 11, 16480, 390, 3442, 281, 352, 700, 11, 2067, 380, 309, 30, 51648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3030385400494959, 'compression_ratio': 1.656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17017482221126556}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 0, 'start': 25.68, 'end': 27.76, 'text': " My apologies, my apologies, and I'm not here.", 'tokens': [51648, 1222, 34929, 11, 452, 34929, 11, 293, 286, 478, 406, 510, 13, 51752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3030385400494959, 'compression_ratio': 1.656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17017482221126556}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 27.84, 'end': 30.560000000000002, 'text': " I'm happy to go in either order, whatever makes the most sense.", 'tokens': [50368, 286, 478, 2055, 281, 352, 294, 2139, 1668, 11, 2035, 1669, 264, 881, 2020, 13, 50504], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 30.560000000000002, 'end': 33.760000000000005, 'text': ' I guess, anyway, that was what it said.', 'tokens': [50504, 286, 2041, 11, 4033, 11, 300, 390, 437, 309, 848, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 33.760000000000005, 'end': 36.480000000000004, 'text': " Let's just start with Liz and then I'll do the middle and then...", 'tokens': [50664, 961, 311, 445, 722, 365, 16480, 293, 550, 286, 603, 360, 264, 2808, 293, 550, 485, 50800], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 36.480000000000004, 'end': 39.6, 'text': ' Sure, that sounds great. Kind of continuous iteration, right?', 'tokens': [50800, 4894, 11, 300, 3263, 869, 13, 9242, 295, 10957, 24784, 11, 558, 30, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 39.6, 'end': 42.24, 'text': ' Like, we have to learn things as we go.', 'tokens': [50956, 1743, 11, 321, 362, 281, 1466, 721, 382, 321, 352, 13, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 42.24, 'end': 44.56, 'text': " Great. All right. Why don't I share my screen,", 'tokens': [51088, 3769, 13, 1057, 558, 13, 1545, 500, 380, 286, 2073, 452, 2568, 11, 51204], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 45.44, 'end': 48.8, 'text': ' and hopefully people can confirm that they can see my screen.', 'tokens': [51248, 293, 4696, 561, 393, 9064, 300, 436, 393, 536, 452, 2568, 13, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 2776, 'start': 49.68000000000001, 'end': 51.36, 'text': ' Yes, give me a thumbs up. Wonderful.', 'tokens': [51460, 1079, 11, 976, 385, 257, 8838, 493, 13, 22768, 13, 51544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14363085322019434, 'compression_ratio': 1.550185873605948, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00668182922527194}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 5136, 'start': 52.24, 'end': 58.8, 'text': " So, hi, I'm Liz Fong-Jones, and I am a Principal Developer Advocate and Site Reliability", 'tokens': [50408, 407, 11, 4879, 11, 286, 478, 16480, 479, 556, 12, 41, 2213, 11, 293, 286, 669, 257, 38575, 44915, 13634, 42869, 293, 34027, 8738, 72, 2310, 50736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14094069065191808, 'compression_ratio': 1.5477941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004397335462272167}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 5136, 'start': 58.8, 'end': 63.04, 'text': " Engineer at a company called Honeycomb.io. We're in the DevOps space,", 'tokens': [50736, 15808, 412, 257, 2237, 1219, 16187, 38763, 13, 1004, 13, 492, 434, 294, 264, 43051, 1901, 11, 50948], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14094069065191808, 'compression_ratio': 1.5477941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004397335462272167}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 5136, 'start': 63.04, 'end': 66.64, 'text': ' and we help companies better understand their complex software systems.', 'tokens': [50948, 293, 321, 854, 3431, 1101, 1223, 641, 3997, 4722, 3652, 13, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14094069065191808, 'compression_ratio': 1.5477941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004397335462272167}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 5136, 'start': 66.64, 'end': 68.32, 'text': " But that's not what I'm here to talk about today.", 'tokens': [51128, 583, 300, 311, 406, 437, 286, 478, 510, 281, 751, 466, 965, 13, 51212], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14094069065191808, 'compression_ratio': 1.5477941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004397335462272167}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 5136, 'start': 68.96000000000001, 'end': 70.24, 'text': " Well, I'll talk about it a little bit.", 'tokens': [51244, 1042, 11, 286, 603, 751, 466, 309, 257, 707, 857, 13, 51308], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14094069065191808, 'compression_ratio': 1.5477941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004397335462272167}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 5136, 'start': 71.92, 'end': 77.28, 'text': " This is not where I started, though, so let's chart the past towards how I wound up where I am today.", 'tokens': [51392, 639, 307, 406, 689, 286, 1409, 11, 1673, 11, 370, 718, 311, 6927, 264, 1791, 3030, 577, 286, 10999, 493, 689, 286, 669, 965, 13, 51660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14094069065191808, 'compression_ratio': 1.5477941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004397335462272167}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 7728, 'start': 77.68, 'end': 85.84, 'text': ' Okay. So, 16 years ago, I came out to my biological family, and I was disowned,', 'tokens': [50384, 1033, 13, 407, 11, 3165, 924, 2057, 11, 286, 1361, 484, 281, 452, 13910, 1605, 11, 293, 286, 390, 717, 14683, 11, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965972436922733, 'compression_ratio': 1.6265560165975104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003122709458693862}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 7728, 'start': 85.84, 'end': 88.64, 'text': " and I didn't have a lot of formal experience to draw upon.", 'tokens': [50792, 293, 286, 994, 380, 362, 257, 688, 295, 9860, 1752, 281, 2642, 3564, 13, 50932], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965972436922733, 'compression_ratio': 1.6265560165975104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003122709458693862}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 7728, 'start': 89.44, 'end': 96.24000000000001, 'text': ' But what I did have to draw upon was a large community of people that had met through online', 'tokens': [50972, 583, 437, 286, 630, 362, 281, 2642, 3564, 390, 257, 2416, 1768, 295, 561, 300, 632, 1131, 807, 2950, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965972436922733, 'compression_ratio': 1.6265560165975104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003122709458693862}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 7728, 'start': 96.24000000000001, 'end': 100.96000000000001, 'text': " gaming. I almost didn't make it, but I did make it because of games.", 'tokens': [51312, 9703, 13, 286, 1920, 994, 380, 652, 309, 11, 457, 286, 630, 652, 309, 570, 295, 2813, 13, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965972436922733, 'compression_ratio': 1.6265560165975104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003122709458693862}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 7728, 'start': 100.96000000000001, 'end': 104.96000000000001, 'text': ' So, this is why games are so near and dear to my heart, because they really let you kind of', 'tokens': [51548, 407, 11, 341, 307, 983, 2813, 366, 370, 2651, 293, 6875, 281, 452, 1917, 11, 570, 436, 534, 718, 291, 733, 295, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965972436922733, 'compression_ratio': 1.6265560165975104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003122709458693862}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 10496, 'start': 104.96, 'end': 109.6, 'text': " build community and practice things you wouldn't otherwise be able to necessarily in your real life.", 'tokens': [50364, 1322, 1768, 293, 3124, 721, 291, 2759, 380, 5911, 312, 1075, 281, 4725, 294, 428, 957, 993, 13, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08368609367160622, 'compression_ratio': 1.6908396946564885, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022850921377539635}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 10496, 'start': 111.19999999999999, 'end': 115.28, 'text': " So, you know, jobs and people's lives are really multifaceted.", 'tokens': [50676, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 4782, 293, 561, 311, 2909, 366, 534, 39824, 326, 10993, 13, 50880], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08368609367160622, 'compression_ratio': 1.6908396946564885, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022850921377539635}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 10496, 'start': 115.28, 'end': 120.24, 'text': ' You grow from learning new skills. So, I think games are a really crucial place for us to kind', 'tokens': [50880, 509, 1852, 490, 2539, 777, 3942, 13, 407, 11, 286, 519, 2813, 366, 257, 534, 11462, 1081, 337, 505, 281, 733, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08368609367160622, 'compression_ratio': 1.6908396946564885, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022850921377539635}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 10496, 'start': 120.24, 'end': 125.44, 'text': ' of practice these things, including, you know, skills like mapping. So, when I look back on my', 'tokens': [51128, 295, 3124, 613, 721, 11, 3009, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3942, 411, 18350, 13, 407, 11, 562, 286, 574, 646, 322, 452, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08368609367160622, 'compression_ratio': 1.6908396946564885, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022850921377539635}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 10496, 'start': 125.44, 'end': 129.92, 'text': ' journey, I think about kind of some critical moments along the way and how I got to here.', 'tokens': [51388, 4671, 11, 286, 519, 466, 733, 295, 512, 4924, 6065, 2051, 264, 636, 293, 577, 286, 658, 281, 510, 13, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08368609367160622, 'compression_ratio': 1.6908396946564885, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022850921377539635}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 12992, 'start': 130.23999999999998, 'end': 137.28, 'text': ' So, I learned a lot, kind of, and brought into practice in my daily life, how to teach and mentor', 'tokens': [50380, 407, 11, 286, 3264, 257, 688, 11, 733, 295, 11, 293, 3038, 666, 3124, 294, 452, 5212, 993, 11, 577, 281, 2924, 293, 14478, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17556780627650073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6977611940298507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006261997623369098}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 12992, 'start': 137.28, 'end': 143.35999999999999, 'text': ' people, how to be tactful, respectful, diplomatic, but still firm, how to delegate,', 'tokens': [50732, 561, 11, 577, 281, 312, 9959, 906, 11, 26205, 11, 26553, 11, 457, 920, 6174, 11, 577, 281, 40999, 11, 51036], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17556780627650073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6977611940298507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006261997623369098}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 12992, 'start': 143.35999999999999, 'end': 147.83999999999997, 'text': ' how to not micromanage people, but how to give people the appropriate amount of autonomy.', 'tokens': [51036, 577, 281, 406, 3123, 81, 4277, 609, 561, 11, 457, 577, 281, 976, 561, 264, 6854, 2372, 295, 27278, 13, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17556780627650073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6977611940298507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006261997623369098}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 12992, 'start': 148.72, 'end': 153.27999999999997, 'text': ' And when things do go wrong, how do I actually handle that? These are all kind of core things', 'tokens': [51304, 400, 562, 721, 360, 352, 2085, 11, 577, 360, 286, 767, 4813, 300, 30, 1981, 366, 439, 733, 295, 4965, 721, 51532], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17556780627650073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6977611940298507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006261997623369098}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 12992, 'start': 153.27999999999997, 'end': 158.56, 'text': " that relate to my job, but also are skills I learned through gaming. Let's talk about how", 'tokens': [51532, 300, 10961, 281, 452, 1691, 11, 457, 611, 366, 3942, 286, 3264, 807, 9703, 13, 961, 311, 751, 466, 577, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17556780627650073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6977611940298507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006261997623369098}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 15856, 'start': 158.64000000000001, 'end': 167.12, 'text': ' I did that. So, I first ventured into the massively multiplayer online gaming world in 2004,', 'tokens': [50368, 286, 630, 300, 13, 407, 11, 286, 700, 6931, 3831, 666, 264, 29379, 27325, 2950, 9703, 1002, 294, 15817, 11, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28969226471365317, 'compression_ratio': 1.3865979381443299, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002778843336272985}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 15856, 'start': 167.12, 'end': 177.04, 'text': ' when I picked up a game called Puzzle Pirates. And I was an organizer of a group of folks who', 'tokens': [50792, 562, 286, 6183, 493, 257, 1216, 1219, 430, 16740, 306, 24161, 1024, 13, 400, 286, 390, 364, 41363, 295, 257, 1594, 295, 4024, 567, 51288], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28969226471365317, 'compression_ratio': 1.3865979381443299, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002778843336272985}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 15856, 'start': 177.04, 'end': 186.48000000000002, 'text': ' were out, you know, playing the game and pirating the Mid-Dine Ocean together. And', 'tokens': [51288, 645, 484, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2433, 264, 1216, 293, 13528, 990, 264, 7033, 12, 35, 533, 18101, 1214, 13, 400, 51760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28969226471365317, 'compression_ratio': 1.3865979381443299, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002778843336272985}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 18648, 'start': 187.35999999999999, 'end': 194.88, 'text': ' what I learned from that experience was how to really build on that set of skill of teaching', 'tokens': [50408, 437, 286, 3264, 490, 300, 1752, 390, 577, 281, 534, 1322, 322, 300, 992, 295, 5389, 295, 4571, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09274889691041248, 'compression_ratio': 1.6153846153846154, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003352350031491369}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 18648, 'start': 194.88, 'end': 201.2, 'text': ' people. I discovered, you know, Puzzle Pirates is not the most friendly game to learn initially.', 'tokens': [50784, 561, 13, 286, 6941, 11, 291, 458, 11, 430, 16740, 306, 24161, 1024, 307, 406, 264, 881, 9208, 1216, 281, 1466, 9105, 13, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09274889691041248, 'compression_ratio': 1.6153846153846154, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003352350031491369}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 18648, 'start': 201.2, 'end': 205.6, 'text': ' There are a lot of kind of skills you have to pick up along the way. And a lot of people kind of just,', 'tokens': [51100, 821, 366, 257, 688, 295, 733, 295, 3942, 291, 362, 281, 1888, 493, 2051, 264, 636, 13, 400, 257, 688, 295, 561, 733, 295, 445, 11, 51320], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09274889691041248, 'compression_ratio': 1.6153846153846154, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003352350031491369}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 18648, 'start': 205.6, 'end': 211.2, 'text': ' you know, would get, send you an invite off the docks and be like, hey, come join my,', 'tokens': [51320, 291, 458, 11, 576, 483, 11, 2845, 291, 364, 7980, 766, 264, 360, 2761, 293, 312, 411, 11, 4177, 11, 808, 3917, 452, 11, 51600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09274889691041248, 'compression_ratio': 1.6153846153846154, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003352350031491369}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 21120, 'start': 211.2, 'end': 216.48, 'text': " come join my fleet. And it's like, okay. And then they just like yell at you, right? And that was", 'tokens': [50364, 808, 3917, 452, 19396, 13, 400, 309, 311, 411, 11, 1392, 13, 400, 550, 436, 445, 411, 20525, 412, 291, 11, 558, 30, 400, 300, 390, 50628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13111356829033524, 'compression_ratio': 1.6655290102389078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009119102731347084}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 21120, 'start': 216.48, 'end': 223.92, 'text': ' not at all productive. So, I eventually decided, you know what? I am going to, people who are being', 'tokens': [50628, 406, 412, 439, 13304, 13, 407, 11, 286, 4728, 3047, 11, 291, 458, 437, 30, 286, 669, 516, 281, 11, 561, 567, 366, 885, 51000], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13111356829033524, 'compression_ratio': 1.6655290102389078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009119102731347084}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 21120, 'start': 223.92, 'end': 228.64, 'text': " abusive in terms of just recruiting people and then not giving them any instructions, I'm going to", 'tokens': [51000, 32828, 294, 2115, 295, 445, 25987, 561, 293, 550, 406, 2902, 552, 604, 9415, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 51236], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13111356829033524, 'compression_ratio': 1.6655290102389078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009119102731347084}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 21120, 'start': 228.64, 'end': 233.76, 'text': " apply the social puzzle. I'm going to PVP them until they stop doing that. And it was kind of this", 'tokens': [51236, 3079, 264, 2093, 12805, 13, 286, 478, 516, 281, 23035, 47, 552, 1826, 436, 1590, 884, 300, 13, 400, 309, 390, 733, 295, 341, 51492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13111356829033524, 'compression_ratio': 1.6655290102389078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009119102731347084}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 21120, 'start': 233.76, 'end': 238.56, 'text': ' ridiculously cool immersion gameplay moment, right? Like where, where I was suddenly in this', 'tokens': [51492, 41358, 1627, 40348, 11421, 1623, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 689, 11, 689, 286, 390, 5800, 294, 341, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13111356829033524, 'compression_ratio': 1.6655290102389078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009119102731347084}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 23856, 'start': 238.56, 'end': 243.68, 'text': ' position of punishing people who are not, who are not, you know, not with game mechanics,', 'tokens': [50364, 2535, 295, 49824, 561, 567, 366, 406, 11, 567, 366, 406, 11, 291, 458, 11, 406, 365, 1216, 12939, 11, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11261450011154701, 'compression_ratio': 1.7591240875912408, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015006016474217176}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 23856, 'start': 243.68, 'end': 247.2, 'text': ' with game mechanics, but not sanctioned by the game developers. I was punishing people who were,', 'tokens': [50620, 365, 1216, 12939, 11, 457, 406, 39830, 292, 538, 264, 1216, 8849, 13, 286, 390, 49824, 561, 567, 645, 11, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11261450011154701, 'compression_ratio': 1.7591240875912408, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015006016474217176}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 23856, 'start': 247.2, 'end': 253.04, 'text': ' who were engaging in behavior that was anti-social in the game. Super, super fun. The other fun thing', 'tokens': [50796, 567, 645, 11268, 294, 5223, 300, 390, 6061, 12, 48600, 294, 264, 1216, 13, 4548, 11, 1687, 1019, 13, 440, 661, 1019, 551, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11261450011154701, 'compression_ratio': 1.7591240875912408, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015006016474217176}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 23856, 'start': 253.04, 'end': 259.04, 'text': ' was kind of organizing movements, figuring out how do I actually make all of these groups of', 'tokens': [51088, 390, 733, 295, 17608, 9981, 11, 15213, 484, 577, 360, 286, 767, 652, 439, 295, 613, 3935, 295, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11261450011154701, 'compression_ratio': 1.7591240875912408, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015006016474217176}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 23856, 'start': 259.04, 'end': 266.24, 'text': ' people work together? So, for instance, we decided we were going to PVP a particular group. And this', 'tokens': [51388, 561, 589, 1214, 30, 407, 11, 337, 5197, 11, 321, 3047, 321, 645, 516, 281, 23035, 47, 257, 1729, 1594, 13, 400, 341, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11261450011154701, 'compression_ratio': 1.7591240875912408, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015006016474217176}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 26624, 'start': 266.24, 'end': 273.2, 'text': " here, what you're seeing on your screen, this is about 200, 300 people on each side fighting each", 'tokens': [50364, 510, 11, 437, 291, 434, 2577, 322, 428, 2568, 11, 341, 307, 466, 2331, 11, 6641, 561, 322, 1184, 1252, 5237, 1184, 50712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.086517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.770909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218083970248699}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 26624, 'start': 273.2, 'end': 280.48, 'text': ' other. Each one of those ships has about 20, 30 people working that ship. So, you conquer an island', 'tokens': [50712, 661, 13, 6947, 472, 295, 729, 11434, 575, 466, 945, 11, 2217, 561, 1364, 300, 5374, 13, 407, 11, 291, 24136, 364, 6077, 51076], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.086517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.770909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218083970248699}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 26624, 'start': 280.48, 'end': 285.76, 'text': ' with blockades. Blockades are kind of a game of captured flag. You have to have ships and ships', 'tokens': [51076, 365, 3461, 2977, 13, 17500, 2977, 366, 733, 295, 257, 1216, 295, 11828, 7166, 13, 509, 362, 281, 362, 11434, 293, 11434, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.086517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.770909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218083970248699}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 26624, 'start': 285.76, 'end': 289.92, 'text': ' have to have pirates and you have to distribute pay to all of those people, right? So, how do you', 'tokens': [51340, 362, 281, 362, 33859, 293, 291, 362, 281, 20594, 1689, 281, 439, 295, 729, 561, 11, 558, 30, 407, 11, 577, 360, 291, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.086517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.770909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218083970248699}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 26624, 'start': 289.92, 'end': 295.12, 'text': ' actually get all those ships sailing in the correct directions, not friendly firing each other,', 'tokens': [51548, 767, 483, 439, 729, 11434, 27452, 294, 264, 3006, 11095, 11, 406, 9208, 16045, 1184, 661, 11, 51808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.086517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.770909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218083970248699}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 29512, 'start': 295.12, 'end': 299.6, 'text': ' and how do you make sure that every single person on that ship is having fun, engaged?', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 577, 360, 291, 652, 988, 300, 633, 2167, 954, 322, 300, 5374, 307, 1419, 1019, 11, 8237, 30, 50588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07830291134970528, 'compression_ratio': 1.7043795620437956, 'no_speech_prob': 3.0236600650823675e-05}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 29512, 'start': 300.4, 'end': 305.12, 'text': ' So, I learned a lot about delegation and kind of organizing people and movements through puzzle', 'tokens': [50628, 407, 11, 286, 3264, 257, 688, 466, 36602, 293, 733, 295, 17608, 561, 293, 9981, 807, 12805, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07830291134970528, 'compression_ratio': 1.7043795620437956, 'no_speech_prob': 3.0236600650823675e-05}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 29512, 'start': 305.12, 'end': 312.24, 'text': ' pirates. The other thing was that puzzle pirates was my first tech job. I learned how to start', 'tokens': [50864, 33859, 13, 440, 661, 551, 390, 300, 12805, 33859, 390, 452, 700, 7553, 1691, 13, 286, 3264, 577, 281, 722, 51220], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07830291134970528, 'compression_ratio': 1.7043795620437956, 'no_speech_prob': 3.0236600650823675e-05}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 29512, 'start': 312.24, 'end': 317.6, 'text': ' debugging systems through that. So, I started off kind of in the QA role, right? Like, I was', 'tokens': [51220, 45592, 3652, 807, 300, 13, 407, 11, 286, 1409, 766, 733, 295, 294, 264, 1249, 32, 3090, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 286, 390, 51488], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07830291134970528, 'compression_ratio': 1.7043795620437956, 'no_speech_prob': 3.0236600650823675e-05}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 29512, 'start': 317.6, 'end': 322.0, 'text': ' organizing user reports of trouble as a volunteer, even not even as a paid employee, and kind of', 'tokens': [51488, 17608, 4195, 7122, 295, 5253, 382, 257, 13835, 11, 754, 406, 754, 382, 257, 4835, 10738, 11, 293, 733, 295, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07830291134970528, 'compression_ratio': 1.7043795620437956, 'no_speech_prob': 3.0236600650823675e-05}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 32200, 'start': 322.0, 'end': 325.6, 'text': " documenting, here's what's going on, here are known workarounds, here's what you do.", 'tokens': [50364, 42360, 11, 510, 311, 437, 311, 516, 322, 11, 510, 366, 2570, 589, 289, 4432, 11, 510, 311, 437, 291, 360, 13, 50544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08826217259446235, 'compression_ratio': 1.8366013071895424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001169274328276515}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 32200, 'start': 326.56, 'end': 330.48, 'text': " And that's how I got my first tech job, and that first tech job really, really saved my life,", 'tokens': [50592, 400, 300, 311, 577, 286, 658, 452, 700, 7553, 1691, 11, 293, 300, 700, 7553, 1691, 534, 11, 534, 6624, 452, 993, 11, 50788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08826217259446235, 'compression_ratio': 1.8366013071895424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001169274328276515}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 32200, 'start': 330.48, 'end': 336.0, 'text': ' because as I said, I was disowned. I had no income. And that was really, really life changing for me', 'tokens': [50788, 570, 382, 286, 848, 11, 286, 390, 717, 14683, 13, 286, 632, 572, 5742, 13, 400, 300, 390, 534, 11, 534, 993, 4473, 337, 385, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08826217259446235, 'compression_ratio': 1.8366013071895424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001169274328276515}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 32200, 'start': 336.0, 'end': 340.56, 'text': ' to realize that kind of those skills of collating information, organizing people, that I could kind', 'tokens': [51064, 281, 4325, 300, 733, 295, 729, 3942, 295, 1263, 990, 1589, 11, 17608, 561, 11, 300, 286, 727, 733, 51292], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08826217259446235, 'compression_ratio': 1.8366013071895424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001169274328276515}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 32200, 'start': 340.56, 'end': 346.08, 'text': ' of parlay that into something that would pay me money. So, this is kind of an area where I think', 'tokens': [51292, 295, 971, 8376, 300, 666, 746, 300, 576, 1689, 385, 1460, 13, 407, 11, 341, 307, 733, 295, 364, 1859, 689, 286, 519, 51568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08826217259446235, 'compression_ratio': 1.8366013071895424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001169274328276515}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 32200, 'start': 346.08, 'end': 349.36, 'text': " it's really exciting that Andy and I are on the same panel, because even mine, again,", 'tokens': [51568, 309, 311, 534, 4670, 300, 13285, 293, 286, 366, 322, 264, 912, 4831, 11, 570, 754, 3892, 11, 797, 11, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08826217259446235, 'compression_ratio': 1.8366013071895424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001169274328276515}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 34936, 'start': 349.36, 'end': 357.92, 'text': ' massively changed my life. So, thank you, Andy. So, this is me. My ship is actually currently docked', 'tokens': [50364, 29379, 3105, 452, 993, 13, 407, 11, 1309, 291, 11, 13285, 13, 407, 11, 341, 307, 385, 13, 1222, 5374, 307, 767, 4362, 20929, 292, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14932776364413175, 'compression_ratio': 1.5354330708661417, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00047277615522034466}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 34936, 'start': 357.92, 'end': 364.88, 'text': " in LSC4P, which is a system in the syndicate region. And I've worn a number of hats over the past,", 'tokens': [50792, 294, 441, 20839, 19, 47, 11, 597, 307, 257, 1185, 294, 264, 15198, 8700, 4458, 13, 400, 286, 600, 15254, 257, 1230, 295, 20549, 670, 264, 1791, 11, 51140], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14932776364413175, 'compression_ratio': 1.5354330708661417, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00047277615522034466}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 34936, 'start': 364.88, 'end': 371.12, 'text': ' what, eight years playing EVE Online. But right now, I handle kind of diplomacy, logistics. Those', 'tokens': [51140, 437, 11, 3180, 924, 2433, 462, 7540, 16930, 13, 583, 558, 586, 11, 286, 4813, 733, 295, 35184, 11, 27420, 13, 3950, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14932776364413175, 'compression_ratio': 1.5354330708661417, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00047277615522034466}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 34936, 'start': 371.12, 'end': 377.2, 'text': ' are kind of my key strength areas. So, what EVE Online taught me, which I kind of, you know,', 'tokens': [51452, 366, 733, 295, 452, 2141, 3800, 3179, 13, 407, 11, 437, 462, 7540, 16930, 5928, 385, 11, 597, 286, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14932776364413175, 'compression_ratio': 1.5354330708661417, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00047277615522034466}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 37720, 'start': 377.2, 'end': 381.12, 'text': ' brought skills from my real life as a state reliability engineer into EVE Online, and then', 'tokens': [50364, 3038, 3942, 490, 452, 957, 993, 382, 257, 1785, 24550, 11403, 666, 462, 7540, 16930, 11, 293, 550, 50560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09279245714987477, 'compression_ratio': 1.6955017301038062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005191990057937801}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 37720, 'start': 381.12, 'end': 388.64, 'text': " vice versa, is what do you do when the shit hits the fan? So, it turns out that if you're in a chaotic", 'tokens': [50560, 11964, 25650, 11, 307, 437, 360, 291, 360, 562, 264, 4611, 8664, 264, 3429, 30, 407, 11, 309, 4523, 484, 300, 498, 291, 434, 294, 257, 27013, 50936], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09279245714987477, 'compression_ratio': 1.6955017301038062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005191990057937801}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 37720, 'start': 388.64, 'end': 394.88, 'text': " situation, and no one is giving orders, it turns out that it's better for someone, anyone, to step", 'tokens': [50936, 2590, 11, 293, 572, 472, 307, 2902, 9470, 11, 309, 4523, 484, 300, 309, 311, 1101, 337, 1580, 11, 2878, 11, 281, 1823, 51248], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09279245714987477, 'compression_ratio': 1.6955017301038062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005191990057937801}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 37720, 'start': 394.88, 'end': 399.91999999999996, 'text': " up and say, do this, rather than just let things, let things develop. Because if you don't really", 'tokens': [51248, 493, 293, 584, 11, 360, 341, 11, 2831, 813, 445, 718, 721, 11, 718, 721, 1499, 13, 1436, 498, 291, 500, 380, 534, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09279245714987477, 'compression_ratio': 1.6955017301038062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005191990057937801}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 37720, 'start': 399.91999999999996, 'end': 404.24, 'text': " kind of have someone coordinating, everyone's going to go their own way and you're going to wind up", 'tokens': [51500, 733, 295, 362, 1580, 37824, 11, 1518, 311, 516, 281, 352, 641, 1065, 636, 293, 291, 434, 516, 281, 2468, 493, 51716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09279245714987477, 'compression_ratio': 1.6955017301038062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005191990057937801}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 40424, 'start': 404.32, 'end': 408.40000000000003, 'text': " with your fleet wiped. It's not really great. So, you kind of have to make sure that, you know,", 'tokens': [50368, 365, 428, 19396, 26879, 13, 467, 311, 406, 534, 869, 13, 407, 11, 291, 733, 295, 362, 281, 652, 988, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 50572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0984368701632932, 'compression_ratio': 1.7113095238095237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024718553759157658}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 40424, 'start': 408.40000000000003, 'end': 412.8, 'text': ' people are willing and able to step up when they can, that you kind of have clear delegation of', 'tokens': [50572, 561, 366, 4950, 293, 1075, 281, 1823, 493, 562, 436, 393, 11, 300, 291, 733, 295, 362, 1850, 36602, 295, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0984368701632932, 'compression_ratio': 1.7113095238095237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024718553759157658}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 40424, 'start': 412.8, 'end': 417.76, 'text': ' roles, and that also people keep mindful of communication bandwidth, right? Like, how much', 'tokens': [50792, 9604, 11, 293, 300, 611, 561, 1066, 14618, 295, 6101, 23647, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 577, 709, 51040], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0984368701632932, 'compression_ratio': 1.7113095238095237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024718553759157658}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 40424, 'start': 417.76, 'end': 422.08, 'text': ' can one person process at a time? Are you spamming up the chatter? Are you actually contributing', 'tokens': [51040, 393, 472, 954, 1399, 412, 257, 565, 30, 2014, 291, 24028, 2810, 493, 264, 26929, 30, 2014, 291, 767, 19270, 51256], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0984368701632932, 'compression_ratio': 1.7113095238095237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024718553759157658}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 40424, 'start': 422.08, 'end': 428.48, 'text': ' something useful? I also learned a lot about how to keep things running for a longer period of time,', 'tokens': [51256, 746, 4420, 30, 286, 611, 3264, 257, 688, 466, 577, 281, 1066, 721, 2614, 337, 257, 2854, 2896, 295, 565, 11, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0984368701632932, 'compression_ratio': 1.7113095238095237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024718553759157658}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 40424, 'start': 428.48, 'end': 433.2, 'text': " because an engagement doesn't necessarily last for like half an hour in like a, you know, MOBA", 'tokens': [51576, 570, 364, 8742, 1177, 380, 4725, 1036, 337, 411, 1922, 364, 1773, 294, 411, 257, 11, 291, 458, 11, 19290, 9295, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0984368701632932, 'compression_ratio': 1.7113095238095237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024718553759157658}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 43320, 'start': 433.2, 'end': 439.03999999999996, 'text': " match, right? Our incidents in DevOps don't last half an hour, right? Like, they can last hours,", 'tokens': [50364, 2995, 11, 558, 30, 2621, 21139, 294, 43051, 500, 380, 1036, 1922, 364, 1773, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 436, 393, 1036, 2496, 11, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10327882909063082, 'compression_ratio': 1.7261146496815287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017001096857711673}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 43320, 'start': 439.03999999999996, 'end': 444.08, 'text': ' days, months. So, how do you think about coordinating all this stuff? How do you distribute', 'tokens': [50656, 1708, 11, 2493, 13, 407, 11, 577, 360, 291, 519, 466, 37824, 439, 341, 1507, 30, 1012, 360, 291, 20594, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10327882909063082, 'compression_ratio': 1.7261146496815287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017001096857711673}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 43320, 'start': 444.08, 'end': 449.36, 'text': ' all the workload, right? How do you make sure that people will be awake at any given moment', 'tokens': [50908, 439, 264, 20139, 11, 558, 30, 1012, 360, 291, 652, 988, 300, 561, 486, 312, 15994, 412, 604, 2212, 1623, 51172], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10327882909063082, 'compression_ratio': 1.7261146496815287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017001096857711673}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 43320, 'start': 449.36, 'end': 453.68, 'text': ' for the next week for 24 hours straight per day, right? How do you actually do that? How do you', 'tokens': [51172, 337, 264, 958, 1243, 337, 4022, 2496, 2997, 680, 786, 11, 558, 30, 1012, 360, 291, 767, 360, 300, 30, 1012, 360, 291, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10327882909063082, 'compression_ratio': 1.7261146496815287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017001096857711673}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 43320, 'start': 453.68, 'end': 457.28, 'text': ' preserve operational security? How do you do retrospectives so you learn from these things?', 'tokens': [51388, 15665, 16607, 3825, 30, 1012, 360, 291, 360, 34997, 1539, 370, 291, 1466, 490, 613, 721, 30, 51568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10327882909063082, 'compression_ratio': 1.7261146496815287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017001096857711673}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 43320, 'start': 457.84, 'end': 462.15999999999997, 'text': " There's a lot of overlap between DevOps and what I learned in EVE Online.", 'tokens': [51596, 821, 311, 257, 688, 295, 19959, 1296, 43051, 293, 437, 286, 3264, 294, 462, 7540, 16930, 13, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10327882909063082, 'compression_ratio': 1.7261146496815287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017001096857711673}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 46320, 'start': 464.0, 'end': 468.64, 'text': ' And also, like, you know, you kind of have to, I like to say that in our workplaces, you know,', 'tokens': [50404, 400, 611, 11, 411, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 733, 295, 362, 281, 11, 286, 411, 281, 584, 300, 294, 527, 589, 34840, 11, 291, 458, 11, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09324839807325794, 'compression_ratio': 1.8966666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019107313710264862}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 46320, 'start': 468.64, 'end': 472.32, 'text': ' in general, you should be able to trust your coworkers, but you should not trust your systems.', 'tokens': [50636, 294, 2674, 11, 291, 820, 312, 1075, 281, 3361, 428, 43465, 11, 457, 291, 820, 406, 3361, 428, 3652, 13, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09324839807325794, 'compression_ratio': 1.8966666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019107313710264862}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 46320, 'start': 473.03999999999996, 'end': 477.59999999999997, 'text': ' So, why do we just kind of, you know, trust our systems to do the right thing and not add any', 'tokens': [50856, 407, 11, 983, 360, 321, 445, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3361, 527, 3652, 281, 360, 264, 558, 551, 293, 406, 909, 604, 51084], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09324839807325794, 'compression_ratio': 1.8966666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019107313710264862}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 46320, 'start': 477.59999999999997, 'end': 482.32, 'text': " defenses in depth? You've got to add defenses in depth, right? Otherwise, same way, I could just,", 'tokens': [51084, 35989, 294, 7161, 30, 509, 600, 658, 281, 909, 35989, 294, 7161, 11, 558, 30, 10328, 11, 912, 636, 11, 286, 727, 445, 11, 51320], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09324839807325794, 'compression_ratio': 1.8966666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019107313710264862}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 46320, 'start': 482.32, 'end': 486.64, 'text': ' you know, control A, drag everything into my hangers, right? What if your systems walked away', 'tokens': [51320, 291, 458, 11, 1969, 316, 11, 5286, 1203, 666, 452, 3967, 433, 11, 558, 30, 708, 498, 428, 3652, 7628, 1314, 51536], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09324839807325794, 'compression_ratio': 1.8966666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019107313710264862}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 46320, 'start': 486.64, 'end': 492.4, 'text': " with all your queries? That wouldn't be so good, would it? But I think the kind of, you know,", 'tokens': [51536, 365, 439, 428, 24109, 30, 663, 2759, 380, 312, 370, 665, 11, 576, 309, 30, 583, 286, 519, 264, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09324839807325794, 'compression_ratio': 1.8966666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019107313710264862}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 49240, 'start': 492.4, 'end': 497.03999999999996, 'text': ' you can learn those skills from kind of a number of different situations, but I think', 'tokens': [50364, 291, 393, 1466, 729, 3942, 490, 733, 295, 257, 1230, 295, 819, 6851, 11, 457, 286, 519, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0703813007899693, 'compression_ratio': 1.9522058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004876581078860909}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 49240, 'start': 497.03999999999996, 'end': 501.2, 'text': ' one of the really cool things for me was learning people management from games.', 'tokens': [50596, 472, 295, 264, 534, 1627, 721, 337, 385, 390, 2539, 561, 4592, 490, 2813, 13, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0703813007899693, 'compression_ratio': 1.9522058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004876581078860909}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 49240, 'start': 502.15999999999997, 'end': 506.71999999999997, 'text': " So, there's kind of this hierarchy of, like, spheres of people that you interact with, right?", 'tokens': [50852, 407, 11, 456, 311, 733, 295, 341, 22333, 295, 11, 411, 11, 41225, 295, 561, 300, 291, 4648, 365, 11, 558, 30, 51080], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0703813007899693, 'compression_ratio': 1.9522058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004876581078860909}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 49240, 'start': 507.59999999999997, 'end': 511.35999999999996, 'text': " You have to, you know, take care of yourself. And there's kind of, you know, maybe like 20", 'tokens': [51124, 509, 362, 281, 11, 291, 458, 11, 747, 1127, 295, 1803, 13, 400, 456, 311, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1310, 411, 945, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0703813007899693, 'compression_ratio': 1.9522058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004876581078860909}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 49240, 'start': 511.35999999999996, 'end': 515.4399999999999, 'text': " people, 50 people, 100 people that you interact with most closely. And then there's kind of,", 'tokens': [51312, 561, 11, 2625, 561, 11, 2319, 561, 300, 291, 4648, 365, 881, 8185, 13, 400, 550, 456, 311, 733, 295, 11, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0703813007899693, 'compression_ratio': 1.9522058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004876581078860909}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 49240, 'start': 515.4399999999999, 'end': 521.28, 'text': ' you know, maybe a few thousand people that you interact with. And at one point in time,', 'tokens': [51516, 291, 458, 11, 1310, 257, 1326, 4714, 561, 300, 291, 4648, 365, 13, 400, 412, 472, 935, 294, 565, 11, 51808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0703813007899693, 'compression_ratio': 1.9522058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004876581078860909}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 52128, 'start': 521.4399999999999, 'end': 526.88, 'text': ' about five years ago, I was suddenly put in charge of 10,000 people, of 10,000 strangers.', 'tokens': [50372, 466, 1732, 924, 2057, 11, 286, 390, 5800, 829, 294, 4602, 295, 1266, 11, 1360, 561, 11, 295, 1266, 11, 1360, 22724, 13, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10802158556486431, 'compression_ratio': 1.8084415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010646567679941654}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 52128, 'start': 527.76, 'end': 532.24, 'text': ' So, I kind of had to really think about, like, you know, what do you do? You got to listen?', 'tokens': [50688, 407, 11, 286, 733, 295, 632, 281, 534, 519, 466, 11, 411, 11, 291, 458, 11, 437, 360, 291, 360, 30, 509, 658, 281, 2140, 30, 50912], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10802158556486431, 'compression_ratio': 1.8084415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010646567679941654}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 52128, 'start': 532.24, 'end': 536.24, 'text': " You got to think about, like, what do you do if there's that kind of rock star 10x engineer,", 'tokens': [50912, 509, 658, 281, 519, 466, 11, 411, 11, 437, 360, 291, 360, 498, 456, 311, 300, 733, 295, 3727, 3543, 1266, 87, 11403, 11, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10802158556486431, 'compression_ratio': 1.8084415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010646567679941654}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 52128, 'start': 536.24, 'end': 540.72, 'text': " right? And they're pissing everyone off. Turns out maybe coddling them is not right thing to you.", 'tokens': [51112, 558, 30, 400, 436, 434, 15171, 278, 1518, 766, 13, 29524, 484, 1310, 17656, 35543, 552, 307, 406, 558, 551, 281, 291, 13, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10802158556486431, 'compression_ratio': 1.8084415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010646567679941654}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 52128, 'start': 540.72, 'end': 544.4, 'text': ' Maybe you kind of have to actually, you know, gently give them feedback and eventually say,', 'tokens': [51336, 2704, 291, 733, 295, 362, 281, 767, 11, 291, 458, 11, 13073, 976, 552, 5824, 293, 4728, 584, 11, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10802158556486431, 'compression_ratio': 1.8084415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010646567679941654}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 52128, 'start': 544.4, 'end': 551.1999999999999, 'text': ' you know what, this organization is not right for you. So, I seriously had to do this. I had', 'tokens': [51520, 291, 458, 437, 11, 341, 4475, 307, 406, 558, 337, 291, 13, 407, 11, 286, 6638, 632, 281, 360, 341, 13, 286, 632, 51860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10802158556486431, 'compression_ratio': 1.8084415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010646567679941654}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 55120, 'start': 551.2, 'end': 555.5200000000001, 'text': ' to fire my former boss, any of online. I had to fire the person who used to run my alliance', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 2610, 452, 5819, 5741, 11, 604, 295, 2950, 13, 286, 632, 281, 2610, 264, 954, 567, 1143, 281, 1190, 452, 20995, 50580], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10345172180848963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7137809187279152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00043031739187426865}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 55120, 'start': 555.5200000000001, 'end': 560.32, 'text': " and put me in charge. And then I had to fire him, right? I'd never have to do that in a 10 or 20", 'tokens': [50580, 293, 829, 385, 294, 4602, 13, 400, 550, 286, 632, 281, 2610, 796, 11, 558, 30, 286, 1116, 1128, 362, 281, 360, 300, 294, 257, 1266, 420, 945, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10345172180848963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7137809187279152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00043031739187426865}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 55120, 'start': 560.32, 'end': 565.6, 'text': ' year career, I hope. But I had to do that in Eve. And it kind of taught me a lot about how to be a', 'tokens': [50820, 1064, 3988, 11, 286, 1454, 13, 583, 286, 632, 281, 360, 300, 294, 15544, 13, 400, 309, 733, 295, 5928, 385, 257, 688, 466, 577, 281, 312, 257, 51084], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10345172180848963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7137809187279152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00043031739187426865}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 55120, 'start': 565.6, 'end': 573.36, 'text': ' manager. Situation, behavior, impact, feedback really, really matters. And also, you know, friends,', 'tokens': [51084, 6598, 13, 22247, 11, 5223, 11, 2712, 11, 5824, 534, 11, 534, 7001, 13, 400, 611, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1855, 11, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10345172180848963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7137809187279152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00043031739187426865}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 55120, 'start': 573.36, 'end': 579.6800000000001, 'text': " friendships matter. It's a very, very small world. So, you know, kind of have to value your trust", 'tokens': [51472, 30003, 1871, 13, 467, 311, 257, 588, 11, 588, 1359, 1002, 13, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 733, 295, 362, 281, 2158, 428, 3361, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10345172180848963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7137809187279152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00043031739187426865}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 57968, 'start': 579.68, 'end': 584.64, 'text': ' worthiness, right? Find mutual benefit, find places where your interests intersect with someone else.', 'tokens': [50364, 3163, 1324, 11, 558, 30, 11809, 16917, 5121, 11, 915, 3190, 689, 428, 8847, 27815, 365, 1580, 1646, 13, 50612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08211517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6458333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038806558586657047}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 57968, 'start': 585.76, 'end': 592.4799999999999, 'text': " Fun story, we were trying to evict someone's sandcastle and knock it over and see all their stuff.", 'tokens': [50668, 11166, 1657, 11, 321, 645, 1382, 281, 1073, 985, 1580, 311, 4932, 3734, 306, 293, 6728, 309, 670, 293, 536, 439, 641, 1507, 13, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08211517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6458333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038806558586657047}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 57968, 'start': 593.1999999999999, 'end': 597.1999999999999, 'text': ' And we wound up getting along culturally with them so well that we recruited them.', 'tokens': [51040, 400, 321, 10999, 493, 1242, 2051, 28879, 365, 552, 370, 731, 300, 321, 33004, 552, 13, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08211517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6458333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038806558586657047}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 57968, 'start': 597.1999999999999, 'end': 601.52, 'text': " And now they're directors in our organization. It's amazing. It's hilarious. And those are the", 'tokens': [51240, 400, 586, 436, 434, 17307, 294, 527, 4475, 13, 467, 311, 2243, 13, 467, 311, 19796, 13, 400, 729, 366, 264, 51456], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08211517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6458333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038806558586657047}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 57968, 'start': 601.52, 'end': 605.92, 'text': ' fun things that you can open yourself to if you just keep an open mind and people actually have', 'tokens': [51456, 1019, 721, 300, 291, 393, 1269, 1803, 281, 498, 291, 445, 1066, 364, 1269, 1575, 293, 561, 767, 362, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08211517333984375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6458333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038806558586657047}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 60592, 'start': 605.92, 'end': 611.5999999999999, 'text': " that belief that you're going to be true to your word. But another thing that I learned is to really", 'tokens': [50364, 300, 7107, 300, 291, 434, 516, 281, 312, 2074, 281, 428, 1349, 13, 583, 1071, 551, 300, 286, 3264, 307, 281, 534, 50648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0936782187309818, 'compression_ratio': 1.8376383763837638, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010003168135881424}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 60592, 'start': 611.5999999999999, 'end': 616.24, 'text': " stick to your principles, right? Like, you know, if someone tells you to do something and you don't", 'tokens': [50648, 2897, 281, 428, 9156, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 291, 458, 11, 498, 1580, 5112, 291, 281, 360, 746, 293, 291, 500, 380, 50880], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0936782187309818, 'compression_ratio': 1.8376383763837638, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010003168135881424}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 60592, 'start': 616.24, 'end': 622.3199999999999, 'text': " want to do it, you know, don't do it, right? Like, even if there's a cost to it. So I got involved", 'tokens': [50880, 528, 281, 360, 309, 11, 291, 458, 11, 500, 380, 360, 309, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 754, 498, 456, 311, 257, 2063, 281, 309, 13, 407, 286, 658, 3288, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0936782187309818, 'compression_ratio': 1.8376383763837638, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010003168135881424}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 60592, 'start': 622.3199999999999, 'end': 629.04, 'text': " in a very, very messy civil war in Eve about seven years ago. And we said, we're not going to bend", 'tokens': [51184, 294, 257, 588, 11, 588, 16191, 5605, 1516, 294, 15544, 466, 3407, 924, 2057, 13, 400, 321, 848, 11, 321, 434, 406, 516, 281, 11229, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0936782187309818, 'compression_ratio': 1.8376383763837638, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010003168135881424}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 60592, 'start': 629.04, 'end': 633.5999999999999, 'text': " the knee. Like, you know, sorry, like, you know, that's your perspective, we're going to defend our", 'tokens': [51520, 264, 9434, 13, 1743, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2597, 11, 411, 11, 291, 458, 11, 300, 311, 428, 4585, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 8602, 527, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0936782187309818, 'compression_ratio': 1.8376383763837638, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010003168135881424}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 63360, 'start': 633.6, 'end': 639.6800000000001, 'text': ' principles to the very end. So a lot of these lessons carry over both into my site reliability', 'tokens': [50364, 9156, 281, 264, 588, 917, 13, 407, 257, 688, 295, 613, 8820, 3985, 670, 1293, 666, 452, 3621, 24550, 50668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11085435477170077, 'compression_ratio': 1.6043478260869566, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00026112791965715587}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 63360, 'start': 639.6800000000001, 'end': 648.72, 'text': ' engineering work as well as into being a manager for real. So really briefly, factorial, Esseries,', 'tokens': [50668, 7043, 589, 382, 731, 382, 666, 885, 257, 6598, 337, 957, 13, 407, 534, 10515, 11, 36916, 11, 2313, 12484, 530, 11, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11085435477170077, 'compression_ratio': 1.6043478260869566, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00026112791965715587}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 63360, 'start': 648.72, 'end': 655.76, 'text': ' those two things kind of go together, peanut butter and jelly. So do less work yourself.', 'tokens': [51120, 729, 732, 721, 733, 295, 352, 1214, 11, 19209, 5517, 293, 17186, 13, 407, 360, 1570, 589, 1803, 13, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11085435477170077, 'compression_ratio': 1.6043478260869566, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00026112791965715587}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 63360, 'start': 656.48, 'end': 660.72, 'text': ' Be really, really impatient, be lazy and kind of prioritize where you spend your time.', 'tokens': [51508, 879, 534, 11, 534, 36895, 11, 312, 14847, 293, 733, 295, 25164, 689, 291, 3496, 428, 565, 13, 51720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11085435477170077, 'compression_ratio': 1.6043478260869566, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00026112791965715587}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 66072, 'start': 661.6800000000001, 'end': 666.88, 'text': ' And if things go wrong, well, you know, you have to get a picture in your head of what does the', 'tokens': [50412, 400, 498, 721, 352, 2085, 11, 731, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 362, 281, 483, 257, 3036, 294, 428, 1378, 295, 437, 775, 264, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08167512833126007, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003053073596674949}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 66072, 'start': 666.88, 'end': 671.84, 'text': ' system look like? And instead of memorizing every single little detail, how do I bisect? How do I', 'tokens': [50672, 1185, 574, 411, 30, 400, 2602, 295, 10560, 3319, 633, 2167, 707, 2607, 11, 577, 360, 286, 7393, 557, 30, 1012, 360, 286, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08167512833126007, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003053073596674949}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 66072, 'start': 671.84, 'end': 677.9200000000001, 'text': ' figure out where this problem is coming from so that I can get to the bottom of it? And make sure', 'tokens': [50920, 2573, 484, 689, 341, 1154, 307, 1348, 490, 370, 300, 286, 393, 483, 281, 264, 2767, 295, 309, 30, 400, 652, 988, 51224], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08167512833126007, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003053073596674949}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 66072, 'start': 677.9200000000001, 'end': 681.76, 'text': " that your system is self-adjusting. Don't just let it kind of bottleneck because you weren't paying", 'tokens': [51224, 300, 428, 1185, 307, 2698, 12, 345, 3424, 278, 13, 1468, 380, 445, 718, 309, 733, 295, 44641, 547, 570, 291, 4999, 380, 6229, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08167512833126007, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003053073596674949}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 66072, 'start': 681.76, 'end': 687.6800000000001, 'text': " attention. So let's talk a little bit about kind of the broader lessons I've learned over the past", 'tokens': [51416, 3202, 13, 407, 718, 311, 751, 257, 707, 857, 466, 733, 295, 264, 13227, 8820, 286, 600, 3264, 670, 264, 1791, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08167512833126007, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003053073596674949}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 68768, 'start': 687.76, 'end': 693.5999999999999, 'text': ' kind of 15 years of playing games. You know, you have to be really intentional about growth.', 'tokens': [50368, 733, 295, 2119, 924, 295, 2433, 2813, 13, 509, 458, 11, 291, 362, 281, 312, 534, 21935, 466, 4599, 13, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08301975613548643, 'compression_ratio': 1.8326848249027237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002081796061247587}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 68768, 'start': 693.5999999999999, 'end': 696.9599999999999, 'text': ' You have to think about like, what do you want to learn? How are you going to grow yourself?', 'tokens': [50660, 509, 362, 281, 519, 466, 411, 11, 437, 360, 291, 528, 281, 1466, 30, 1012, 366, 291, 516, 281, 1852, 1803, 30, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08301975613548643, 'compression_ratio': 1.8326848249027237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002081796061247587}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 68768, 'start': 696.9599999999999, 'end': 701.8399999999999, 'text': ' How are you going to get there? And yes, a map can help. So kind of, you know, what are you going', 'tokens': [50828, 1012, 366, 291, 516, 281, 483, 456, 30, 400, 2086, 11, 257, 4471, 393, 854, 13, 407, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 437, 366, 291, 516, 51072], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08301975613548643, 'compression_ratio': 1.8326848249027237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002081796061247587}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 68768, 'start': 701.8399999999999, 'end': 707.1999999999999, 'text': ' to do next? What skills does your next project require? What skills you want to learn? And how', 'tokens': [51072, 281, 360, 958, 30, 708, 3942, 775, 428, 958, 1716, 3651, 30, 708, 3942, 291, 528, 281, 1466, 30, 400, 577, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08301975613548643, 'compression_ratio': 1.8326848249027237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002081796061247587}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 68768, 'start': 707.1999999999999, 'end': 711.52, 'text': " are you going to learn those skills? Even if you fail at it, it's a lesson in and of itself.", 'tokens': [51340, 366, 291, 516, 281, 1466, 729, 3942, 30, 2754, 498, 291, 3061, 412, 309, 11, 309, 311, 257, 6898, 294, 293, 295, 2564, 13, 51556], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08301975613548643, 'compression_ratio': 1.8326848249027237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002081796061247587}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 71152, 'start': 712.48, 'end': 717.4399999999999, 'text': ' And when you bring those skills to work, you can be more successful. So I think one interesting', 'tokens': [50412, 400, 562, 291, 1565, 729, 3942, 281, 589, 11, 291, 393, 312, 544, 4406, 13, 407, 286, 519, 472, 1880, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17500986117068854, 'compression_ratio': 1.7122302158273381, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001838178955949843}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 71152, 'start': 717.4399999999999, 'end': 722.56, 'text': " thing is that I didn't realize it at the time, but I was kind of performing mapping when I was kind", 'tokens': [50660, 551, 307, 300, 286, 994, 380, 4325, 309, 412, 264, 565, 11, 457, 286, 390, 733, 295, 10205, 18350, 562, 286, 390, 733, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17500986117068854, 'compression_ratio': 1.7122302158273381, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001838178955949843}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 71152, 'start': 722.56, 'end': 726.8, 'text': ' of structuring these social systems, right, engineering them for success, or at least for', 'tokens': [50916, 295, 6594, 1345, 613, 2093, 3652, 11, 558, 11, 7043, 552, 337, 2245, 11, 420, 412, 1935, 337, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17500986117068854, 'compression_ratio': 1.7122302158273381, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001838178955949843}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 71152, 'start': 726.8, 'end': 731.52, 'text': ' my organization success, right, making sure that all of the incentives were aligned correctly for', 'tokens': [51128, 452, 4475, 2245, 11, 558, 11, 1455, 988, 300, 439, 295, 264, 23374, 645, 17962, 8944, 337, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17500986117068854, 'compression_ratio': 1.7122302158273381, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001838178955949843}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 71152, 'start': 731.52, 'end': 736.88, 'text': " people to feel like they were having meaningful impact autonomy and that they're having fun.", 'tokens': [51364, 561, 281, 841, 411, 436, 645, 1419, 10995, 2712, 27278, 293, 300, 436, 434, 1419, 1019, 13, 51632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17500986117068854, 'compression_ratio': 1.7122302158273381, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001838178955949843}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 73688, 'start': 737.68, 'end': 741.92, 'text': ' And mapping also influenced my work. As I said in the infos, like about a year ago, year and a half', 'tokens': [50404, 400, 18350, 611, 15269, 452, 589, 13, 1018, 286, 848, 294, 264, 1536, 329, 11, 411, 466, 257, 1064, 2057, 11, 1064, 293, 257, 1922, 50616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18885643417770798, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019871313124895096}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 73688, 'start': 741.92, 'end': 747.76, 'text': ' ago, I learned formally about mapping. And that led me to kind of develop this mapping technique', 'tokens': [50616, 2057, 11, 286, 3264, 25983, 466, 18350, 13, 400, 300, 4684, 385, 281, 733, 295, 1499, 341, 18350, 6532, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18885643417770798, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019871313124895096}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 73688, 'start': 747.76, 'end': 753.6, 'text': ' within the Honeycomb organization to think about how we message about observability, how we message', 'tokens': [50908, 1951, 264, 16187, 38763, 4475, 281, 519, 466, 577, 321, 3636, 466, 9951, 2310, 11, 577, 321, 3636, 51200], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18885643417770798, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019871313124895096}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 73688, 'start': 753.6, 'end': 759.84, 'text': " about kind of this, about this maturity model of where's your organization along its observability", 'tokens': [51200, 466, 733, 295, 341, 11, 466, 341, 28874, 2316, 295, 689, 311, 428, 4475, 2051, 1080, 9951, 2310, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18885643417770798, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019871313124895096}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 73688, 'start': 759.84, 'end': 765.68, 'text': " journey. But gaming didn't all just help my day job. Gaming also really, really influenced", 'tokens': [51512, 4671, 13, 583, 9703, 994, 380, 439, 445, 854, 452, 786, 1691, 13, 30288, 611, 534, 11, 534, 15269, 51804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18885643417770798, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019871313124895096}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 76568, 'start': 765.68, 'end': 771.4399999999999, 'text': ' the things that relate to workplace organizing. It helped me develop a sense of morality, right,', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 721, 300, 10961, 281, 15328, 17608, 13, 467, 4254, 385, 1499, 257, 2020, 295, 29106, 11, 558, 11, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14139628828617565, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027972027972027, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005881745601072907}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 76568, 'start': 771.4399999999999, 'end': 776.9599999999999, 'text': ' of standing up for what you think is right, even if it has a personal cost for you. And if something', 'tokens': [50652, 295, 4877, 493, 337, 437, 291, 519, 307, 558, 11, 754, 498, 309, 575, 257, 2973, 2063, 337, 291, 13, 400, 498, 746, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14139628828617565, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027972027972027, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005881745601072907}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 76568, 'start': 776.9599999999999, 'end': 780.7199999999999, 'text': " doesn't align with my internal compass, I'm going to follow my internal compass every single time.", 'tokens': [50928, 1177, 380, 7975, 365, 452, 6920, 10707, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1524, 452, 6920, 10707, 633, 2167, 565, 13, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14139628828617565, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027972027972027, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005881745601072907}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 76568, 'start': 780.7199999999999, 'end': 786.2399999999999, 'text': " And I'll know exactly what I need to do to rally other people who also feel that same internal", 'tokens': [51116, 400, 286, 603, 458, 2293, 437, 286, 643, 281, 360, 281, 17584, 661, 561, 567, 611, 841, 300, 912, 6920, 51392], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14139628828617565, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027972027972027, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005881745601072907}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 76568, 'start': 786.2399999999999, 'end': 792.0799999999999, 'text': ' compass. So over the past couple of years, there have been a number of articles about what went', 'tokens': [51392, 10707, 13, 407, 670, 264, 1791, 1916, 295, 924, 11, 456, 362, 668, 257, 1230, 295, 11290, 466, 437, 1437, 51684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14139628828617565, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027972027972027, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005881745601072907}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 79208, 'start': 792.4000000000001, 'end': 797.5200000000001, 'text': ' wrong at Google, right? What happened in terms of neo-Nazis developing a beachhead inside of the', 'tokens': [50380, 2085, 412, 3329, 11, 558, 30, 708, 2011, 294, 2115, 295, 41977, 12, 45, 921, 271, 6416, 257, 7534, 1934, 1854, 295, 264, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19562438556126185, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001224805717356503}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 79208, 'start': 797.5200000000001, 'end': 801.84, 'text': " company? What happened in terms of the company abandoning the principle of don't be evil?", 'tokens': [50636, 2237, 30, 708, 2011, 294, 2115, 295, 264, 2237, 9072, 278, 264, 8665, 295, 500, 380, 312, 6724, 30, 50852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19562438556126185, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001224805717356503}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 79208, 'start': 802.96, 'end': 808.48, 'text': ' And other companies, workers at other companies have also followed that example of how to stand up', 'tokens': [50908, 400, 661, 3431, 11, 5600, 412, 661, 3431, 362, 611, 6263, 300, 1365, 295, 577, 281, 1463, 493, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19562438556126185, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001224805717356503}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 79208, 'start': 808.48, 'end': 813.36, 'text': ' against your employer, how to really fight for what you think is right. And one of the exciting', 'tokens': [51184, 1970, 428, 16205, 11, 577, 281, 534, 2092, 337, 437, 291, 519, 307, 558, 13, 400, 472, 295, 264, 4670, 51428], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19562438556126185, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001224805717356503}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 79208, 'start': 813.36, 'end': 818.96, 'text': " projects I'm working on now outside of work is a solidarity fund that will help people with kind of", 'tokens': [51428, 4455, 286, 478, 1364, 322, 586, 2380, 295, 589, 307, 257, 27220, 2374, 300, 486, 854, 561, 365, 733, 295, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19562438556126185, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001224805717356503}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 819.6, 'end': 823.84, 'text': ' cash payments to assist them in the event that they face retaliation from their workplaces if', 'tokens': [50396, 6388, 14348, 281, 4255, 552, 294, 264, 2280, 300, 436, 1851, 37924, 399, 490, 641, 589, 34840, 498, 50608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22779722416654546, 'compression_ratio': 1.5807860262008733, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003964258823543787}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 823.84, 'end': 829.6, 'text': " they're trying to organize for better working conditions or for more just workplaces. So", 'tokens': [50608, 436, 434, 1382, 281, 13859, 337, 1101, 1364, 4487, 420, 337, 544, 445, 589, 34840, 13, 407, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22779722416654546, 'compression_ratio': 1.5807860262008733, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003964258823543787}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 829.6, 'end': 835.2, 'text': " that's kind of it for me. Go forth and learn and map. I hope it's as useful to you as it was to me.", 'tokens': [50896, 300, 311, 733, 295, 309, 337, 385, 13, 1037, 5220, 293, 1466, 293, 4471, 13, 286, 1454, 309, 311, 382, 4420, 281, 291, 382, 309, 390, 281, 385, 13, 51176], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22779722416654546, 'compression_ratio': 1.5807860262008733, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003964258823543787}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 840.0, 'end': 847.2800000000001, 'text': ' Let me unmute myself. Wow, Liz. Where do we start with that? That was personal.', 'tokens': [51416, 961, 385, 41445, 2059, 13, 3153, 11, 16480, 13, 2305, 360, 321, 722, 365, 300, 30, 663, 390, 2973, 13, 51780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22779722416654546, 'compression_ratio': 1.5807860262008733, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003964258823543787}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 84728, 'start': 847.92, 'end': 854.72, 'text': ' At the same time, I could see, as somebody with a little bit of experience around mapping,', 'tokens': [50396, 1711, 264, 912, 565, 11, 286, 727, 536, 11, 382, 2618, 365, 257, 707, 857, 295, 1752, 926, 18350, 11, 50736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372276788734528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011355996131896973}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 84728, 'start': 854.72, 'end': 859.92, 'text': ' I could really see almost every process you described right from the beginning story. So', 'tokens': [50736, 286, 727, 534, 536, 1920, 633, 1399, 291, 7619, 558, 490, 264, 2863, 1657, 13, 407, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372276788734528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011355996131896973}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 84728, 'start': 860.8, 'end': 867.36, 'text': ' my first question in my head was actually, how much did you learn from policing the gaming community', 'tokens': [51040, 452, 700, 1168, 294, 452, 1378, 390, 767, 11, 577, 709, 630, 291, 1466, 490, 28799, 264, 9703, 1768, 51368], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372276788734528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011355996131896973}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 84728, 'start': 867.36, 'end': 873.1999999999999, 'text': ' and sort of excluding people with the wrong behavior and right behavior? And how did that sort', 'tokens': [51368, 293, 1333, 295, 49999, 561, 365, 264, 2085, 5223, 293, 558, 5223, 30, 400, 577, 630, 300, 1333, 51660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372276788734528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011355996131896973}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 87320, 'start': 873.2, 'end': 879.76, 'text': ' of feed back? How much did your personal experience actually inform that is really the question?', 'tokens': [50364, 295, 3154, 646, 30, 1012, 709, 630, 428, 2973, 1752, 767, 1356, 300, 307, 534, 264, 1168, 30, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17088451900997678, 'compression_ratio': 1.5798045602605864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031914133578538895}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 87320, 'start': 881.12, 'end': 887.76, 'text': " I hadn't personally been gang pressed in puzzle pirates, but I kind of picked up the pieces after", 'tokens': [50760, 286, 8782, 380, 5665, 668, 10145, 17355, 294, 12805, 33859, 11, 457, 286, 733, 295, 6183, 493, 264, 3755, 934, 51092], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17088451900997678, 'compression_ratio': 1.5798045602605864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031914133578538895}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 87320, 'start': 887.76, 'end': 892.72, 'text': " that when you'd have people wandering around being like, help, help. My crew is not giving me any", 'tokens': [51092, 300, 562, 291, 1116, 362, 561, 26396, 926, 885, 411, 11, 854, 11, 854, 13, 1222, 7260, 307, 406, 2902, 385, 604, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17088451900997678, 'compression_ratio': 1.5798045602605864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031914133578538895}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 87320, 'start': 893.2800000000001, 'end': 897.44, 'text': ' assistance learning the game, right? Funny thing, the same thing also does happen a little bit,', 'tokens': [51368, 9683, 2539, 264, 1216, 11, 558, 30, 36484, 551, 11, 264, 912, 551, 611, 775, 1051, 257, 707, 857, 11, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17088451900997678, 'compression_ratio': 1.5798045602605864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031914133578538895}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 87320, 'start': 897.44, 'end': 901.6800000000001, 'text': ' Neve online. People just get recruited and then told to send themselves to the middle of nowhere', 'tokens': [51576, 1734, 303, 2950, 13, 3432, 445, 483, 33004, 293, 550, 1907, 281, 2845, 2969, 281, 264, 2808, 295, 11159, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17088451900997678, 'compression_ratio': 1.5798045602605864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031914133578538895}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 90168, 'start': 901.68, 'end': 907.12, 'text': ' and then they get bored, right? So kind of helping people recover from that situation is a thing that', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 550, 436, 483, 13521, 11, 558, 30, 407, 733, 295, 4315, 561, 8114, 490, 300, 2590, 307, 257, 551, 300, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372641216624867, 'compression_ratio': 1.615702479338843, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024237087927758694}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 90168, 'start': 907.12, 'end': 913.68, 'text': ' really influenced me to do something about it. Yeah, and the other piece is mapping outside the', 'tokens': [50636, 534, 15269, 385, 281, 360, 746, 466, 309, 13, 865, 11, 293, 264, 661, 2522, 307, 18350, 2380, 264, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372641216624867, 'compression_ratio': 1.615702479338843, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024237087927758694}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 90168, 'start': 913.68, 'end': 919.92, 'text': ' context of business. We talk about evolutionary processes tend to focus on the ones that involve', 'tokens': [50964, 4319, 295, 1606, 13, 492, 751, 466, 27567, 7555, 3928, 281, 1879, 322, 264, 2306, 300, 9494, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372641216624867, 'compression_ratio': 1.615702479338843, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024237087927758694}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 90168, 'start': 919.92, 'end': 928.8, 'text': " some sort of competition. When you step up with that, so when I think of mapping my girlfriend's", 'tokens': [51276, 512, 1333, 295, 6211, 13, 1133, 291, 1823, 493, 365, 300, 11, 370, 562, 286, 519, 295, 18350, 452, 10369, 311, 51720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1372641216624867, 'compression_ratio': 1.615702479338843, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024237087927758694}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 92880, 'start': 928.8, 'end': 934.56, 'text': " future career, we're sort of looking at what things may you want to do with a specific skill set", 'tokens': [50364, 2027, 3988, 11, 321, 434, 1333, 295, 1237, 412, 437, 721, 815, 291, 528, 281, 360, 365, 257, 2685, 5389, 992, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11826241706028458, 'compression_ratio': 1.72992700729927, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011311580426990986}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 92880, 'start': 934.56, 'end': 938.8, 'text': " that are away from the industry that you do now. I certainly wish I'd been, you know,", 'tokens': [50652, 300, 366, 1314, 490, 264, 3518, 300, 291, 360, 586, 13, 286, 3297, 3172, 286, 1116, 668, 11, 291, 458, 11, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11826241706028458, 'compression_ratio': 1.72992700729927, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011311580426990986}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 92880, 'start': 938.8, 'end': 943.5999999999999, 'text': " super intentional about it, but I kind of did it by accident. Right, well, it's the last point on the", 'tokens': [50864, 1687, 21935, 466, 309, 11, 457, 286, 733, 295, 630, 309, 538, 6398, 13, 1779, 11, 731, 11, 309, 311, 264, 1036, 935, 322, 264, 51104], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11826241706028458, 'compression_ratio': 1.72992700729927, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011311580426990986}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 92880, 'start': 943.5999999999999, 'end': 949.5999999999999, 'text': " be super intentional about growth and it's the, well, I rarely find people who have got great,", 'tokens': [51104, 312, 1687, 21935, 466, 4599, 293, 309, 311, 264, 11, 731, 11, 286, 13752, 915, 561, 567, 362, 658, 869, 11, 51404], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11826241706028458, 'compression_ratio': 1.72992700729927, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011311580426990986}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 92880, 'start': 949.5999999999999, 'end': 955.92, 'text': " great growth paths, great paths where they've grown a lot who can look back and say, actually,", 'tokens': [51404, 869, 4599, 14518, 11, 869, 14518, 689, 436, 600, 7709, 257, 688, 567, 393, 574, 646, 293, 584, 11, 767, 11, 51720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11826241706028458, 'compression_ratio': 1.72992700729927, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011311580426990986}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 95592, 'start': 956.0799999999999, 'end': 961.1999999999999, 'text': " I plan most of it. There's some level of serendipity. You know, if I look at where I sit in my world,", 'tokens': [50372, 286, 1393, 881, 295, 309, 13, 821, 311, 512, 1496, 295, 816, 521, 647, 507, 13, 509, 458, 11, 498, 286, 574, 412, 689, 286, 1394, 294, 452, 1002, 11, 50628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15258284250895182, 'compression_ratio': 1.8422712933753944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055682260543107986}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 95592, 'start': 961.1999999999999, 'end': 965.8399999999999, 'text': ' I could probably see a few sort of individual points where I say, well, that was completely out of my', 'tokens': [50628, 286, 727, 1391, 536, 257, 1326, 1333, 295, 2609, 2793, 689, 286, 584, 11, 731, 11, 300, 390, 2584, 484, 295, 452, 50860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15258284250895182, 'compression_ratio': 1.8422712933753944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055682260543107986}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 95592, 'start': 965.8399999999999, 'end': 970.24, 'text': " control. But I suppose there's some value in recognizing what can you do, even if things are", 'tokens': [50860, 1969, 13, 583, 286, 7297, 456, 311, 512, 2158, 294, 18538, 437, 393, 291, 360, 11, 754, 498, 721, 366, 51080], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15258284250895182, 'compression_ratio': 1.8422712933753944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055682260543107986}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 95592, 'start': 970.24, 'end': 973.8399999999999, 'text': ' completely out of your control, what can you do to kind of influence the outcome? Right, like,', 'tokens': [51080, 2584, 484, 295, 428, 1969, 11, 437, 393, 291, 360, 281, 733, 295, 6503, 264, 9700, 30, 1779, 11, 411, 11, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15258284250895182, 'compression_ratio': 1.8422712933753944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055682260543107986}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 95592, 'start': 973.8399999999999, 'end': 978.0, 'text': ' how can you minimize the effect of bad luck? Right, how can you maximize the impact of good luck?', 'tokens': [51260, 577, 393, 291, 17522, 264, 1802, 295, 1578, 3668, 30, 1779, 11, 577, 393, 291, 19874, 264, 2712, 295, 665, 3668, 30, 51468], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15258284250895182, 'compression_ratio': 1.8422712933753944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055682260543107986}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 95592, 'start': 978.8, 'end': 982.9599999999999, 'text': ' And sometimes even just being able to define which bit was luck in which bit was me, you know,', 'tokens': [51508, 400, 2171, 754, 445, 885, 1075, 281, 6964, 597, 857, 390, 3668, 294, 597, 857, 390, 385, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15258284250895182, 'compression_ratio': 1.8422712933753944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055682260543107986}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 98296, 'start': 982.96, 'end': 987.6, 'text': " there's a whole industry of people who invest our money out there and there's lots of data out", 'tokens': [50364, 456, 311, 257, 1379, 3518, 295, 561, 567, 1963, 527, 1460, 484, 456, 293, 456, 311, 3195, 295, 1412, 484, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09973447049250368, 'compression_ratio': 1.7455197132616487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021064020693302155}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 98296, 'start': 987.6, 'end': 991.9200000000001, 'text': " there to suggest that perhaps they're no better than a computer, an animal or a small child.", 'tokens': [50596, 456, 281, 3402, 300, 4317, 436, 434, 572, 1101, 813, 257, 3820, 11, 364, 5496, 420, 257, 1359, 1440, 13, 50812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09973447049250368, 'compression_ratio': 1.7455197132616487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021064020693302155}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 98296, 'start': 992.72, 'end': 997.6, 'text': ' But, you know, in our own decision making, I see where the value of just even being able to recognize,', 'tokens': [50852, 583, 11, 291, 458, 11, 294, 527, 1065, 3537, 1455, 11, 286, 536, 689, 264, 2158, 295, 445, 754, 885, 1075, 281, 5521, 11, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09973447049250368, 'compression_ratio': 1.7455197132616487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021064020693302155}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 98296, 'start': 997.6, 'end': 1004.24, 'text': ' you know, what was intentional, what was serendipitous, and then what was just completely unordered.', 'tokens': [51096, 291, 458, 11, 437, 390, 21935, 11, 437, 390, 816, 521, 647, 39831, 11, 293, 550, 437, 390, 445, 2584, 517, 765, 4073, 13, 51428], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09973447049250368, 'compression_ratio': 1.7455197132616487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021064020693302155}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 98296, 'start': 1004.24, 'end': 1010.64, 'text': ' Yeah, retrospectives, right, retrospectives are huge. One of the things that we do kind of both', 'tokens': [51428, 865, 11, 34997, 1539, 11, 558, 11, 34997, 1539, 366, 2603, 13, 1485, 295, 264, 721, 300, 321, 360, 733, 295, 1293, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09973447049250368, 'compression_ratio': 1.7455197132616487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021064020693302155}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 101064, 'start': 1010.64, 'end': 1015.76, 'text': ' in the DevOps space and in Eva Mine is like, do retrospectives, right? Like, what did we learn', 'tokens': [50364, 294, 264, 43051, 1901, 293, 294, 29377, 11620, 307, 411, 11, 360, 34997, 1539, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 437, 630, 321, 1466, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14647421660246673, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0042921267449855804}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 101064, 'start': 1015.76, 'end': 1018.72, 'text': " from this? Well, what went well, what went not well, like, I'm not going to yell at you because", 'tokens': [50620, 490, 341, 30, 1042, 11, 437, 1437, 731, 11, 437, 1437, 406, 731, 11, 411, 11, 286, 478, 406, 516, 281, 20525, 412, 291, 570, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14647421660246673, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0042921267449855804}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 101064, 'start': 1018.72, 'end': 1022.4, 'text': " you made a mistake, right? Like, I'd like to understand why did why was it so easy to make", 'tokens': [50768, 291, 1027, 257, 6146, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 11, 286, 1116, 411, 281, 1223, 983, 630, 983, 390, 309, 370, 1858, 281, 652, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14647421660246673, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0042921267449855804}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 101064, 'start': 1022.4, 'end': 1025.36, 'text': ' that mistake? Is there something we can use systematically to shore up the system for next', 'tokens': [50952, 300, 6146, 30, 1119, 456, 746, 321, 393, 764, 39531, 281, 17805, 493, 264, 1185, 337, 958, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14647421660246673, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0042921267449855804}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 101064, 'start': 1025.36, 'end': 1031.84, 'text': " time? No, that's fantastic. Andy, Adrian, anything you can add to that? Any questions", 'tokens': [51100, 565, 30, 883, 11, 300, 311, 5456, 13, 13285, 11, 31746, 11, 1340, 291, 393, 909, 281, 300, 30, 2639, 1651, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14647421660246673, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0042921267449855804}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 101064, 'start': 1031.84, 'end': 1034.08, 'text': ' that you might have for Liz before we open the floor?', 'tokens': [51424, 300, 291, 1062, 362, 337, 16480, 949, 321, 1269, 264, 4123, 30, 51536], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14647421660246673, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0042921267449855804}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 103408, 'start': 1034.08, 'end': 1042.72, 'text': " It's brought up some thoughts for me. When I was growing up, we didn't really, I'm a bit older,", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 3038, 493, 512, 4598, 337, 385, 13, 1133, 286, 390, 4194, 493, 11, 321, 994, 380, 534, 11, 286, 478, 257, 857, 4906, 11, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19746584105260165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011225774884223938}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 103408, 'start': 1043.4399999999998, 'end': 1049.52, 'text': " we didn't really have computers in the internet. And I started playing like Luna Landu when I was", 'tokens': [50832, 321, 994, 380, 534, 362, 10807, 294, 264, 4705, 13, 400, 286, 1409, 2433, 411, 27355, 6607, 84, 562, 286, 390, 51136], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19746584105260165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011225774884223938}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 103408, 'start': 1049.52, 'end': 1055.4399999999998, 'text': ' about 13 on some kind of mainframe thing at school, but not really gaming in this sense. But for me,', 'tokens': [51136, 466, 3705, 322, 512, 733, 295, 2135, 17265, 551, 412, 1395, 11, 457, 406, 534, 9703, 294, 341, 2020, 13, 583, 337, 385, 11, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19746584105260165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011225774884223938}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 103408, 'start': 1055.4399999999998, 'end': 1060.56, 'text': ' the strategy game that I learned a lot from growing up was chess. I played chess in high school. I', 'tokens': [51432, 264, 5206, 1216, 300, 286, 3264, 257, 688, 490, 4194, 493, 390, 24122, 13, 286, 3737, 24122, 294, 1090, 1395, 13, 286, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19746584105260165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011225774884223938}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 106056, 'start': 1060.56, 'end': 1066.32, 'text': ' played it at county level at one of the local clubs, and I played a bit at university as well.', 'tokens': [50364, 3737, 309, 412, 9928, 1496, 412, 472, 295, 264, 2654, 15428, 11, 293, 286, 3737, 257, 857, 412, 5454, 382, 731, 13, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2259349822998047, 'compression_ratio': 1.7443946188340806, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00584956631064415}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 106056, 'start': 1066.32, 'end': 1072.1599999999999, 'text': " So I think it's got this, it's these sort of strategy games you learn from chess, you learn sort", 'tokens': [50652, 407, 286, 519, 309, 311, 658, 341, 11, 309, 311, 613, 1333, 295, 5206, 2813, 291, 1466, 490, 24122, 11, 291, 1466, 1333, 50944], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2259349822998047, 'compression_ratio': 1.7443946188340806, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00584956631064415}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 106056, 'start': 1072.1599999999999, 'end': 1078.48, 'text': ' of the, you know, controlling space, as well as the, you know, the positions map to space, had a plan', 'tokens': [50944, 295, 264, 11, 291, 458, 11, 14905, 1901, 11, 382, 731, 382, 264, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 8432, 4471, 281, 1901, 11, 632, 257, 1393, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2259349822998047, 'compression_ratio': 1.7443946188340806, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00584956631064415}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 106056, 'start': 1078.48, 'end': 1084.08, 'text': " ahead, how to, and then there's a sort of a pattern library for openings and things. So there's", 'tokens': [51260, 2286, 11, 577, 281, 11, 293, 550, 456, 311, 257, 1333, 295, 257, 5102, 6405, 337, 35941, 293, 721, 13, 407, 456, 311, 51540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2259349822998047, 'compression_ratio': 1.7443946188340806, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00584956631064415}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 108408, 'start': 1084.1599999999999, 'end': 1088.8799999999999, 'text': ' this and sort of doctrine and some things there. So I think that for me, that was one of the', 'tokens': [50368, 341, 293, 1333, 295, 23290, 293, 512, 721, 456, 13, 407, 286, 519, 300, 337, 385, 11, 300, 390, 472, 295, 264, 50604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20387844672569863, 'compression_ratio': 1.801498127340824, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17255590856075287}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 108408, 'start': 1089.6, 'end': 1094.96, 'text': ' sort of formative things as I grew up in gaming. And obviously, I was playing other games and online', 'tokens': [50640, 1333, 295, 1254, 1166, 721, 382, 286, 6109, 493, 294, 9703, 13, 400, 2745, 11, 286, 390, 2433, 661, 2813, 293, 2950, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20387844672569863, 'compression_ratio': 1.801498127340824, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17255590856075287}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 108408, 'start': 1094.96, 'end': 1100.56, 'text': " games later, but in those formative years, I think it's good. And I saw my son growing up playing", 'tokens': [50908, 2813, 1780, 11, 457, 294, 729, 1254, 1166, 924, 11, 286, 519, 309, 311, 665, 13, 400, 286, 1866, 452, 1872, 4194, 493, 2433, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20387844672569863, 'compression_ratio': 1.801498127340824, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17255590856075287}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 108408, 'start': 1101.12, 'end': 1107.76, 'text': ' online role playing strategy games. And, right, so many parents are like, Oh my God, get off the', 'tokens': [51216, 2950, 3090, 2433, 5206, 2813, 13, 400, 11, 558, 11, 370, 867, 3152, 366, 411, 11, 876, 452, 1265, 11, 483, 766, 264, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20387844672569863, 'compression_ratio': 1.801498127340824, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17255590856075287}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 108408, 'start': 1107.76, 'end': 1113.9199999999998, 'text': " computer, you're not, you're just like, no, you're learning. Yeah, he's, he's got moved into", 'tokens': [51548, 3820, 11, 291, 434, 406, 11, 291, 434, 445, 411, 11, 572, 11, 291, 434, 2539, 13, 865, 11, 415, 311, 11, 415, 311, 658, 4259, 666, 51856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20387844672569863, 'compression_ratio': 1.801498127340824, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17255590856075287}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 111392, 'start': 1113.92, 'end': 1118.48, 'text': ' product management, which is all about strategy role playing and making alliances. He was doing', 'tokens': [50364, 1674, 4592, 11, 597, 307, 439, 466, 5206, 3090, 2433, 293, 1455, 45855, 13, 634, 390, 884, 50592], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15092246763167844, 'compression_ratio': 1.598360655737705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008133176015689969}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 111392, 'start': 1118.48, 'end': 1123.3600000000001, 'text': " sort of galactic conquest kind of stuff. But it wasn't Eve, but I forget which one. But I definitely", 'tokens': [50592, 1333, 295, 7660, 19892, 43241, 733, 295, 1507, 13, 583, 309, 2067, 380, 15544, 11, 457, 286, 2870, 597, 472, 13, 583, 286, 2138, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15092246763167844, 'compression_ratio': 1.598360655737705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008133176015689969}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 111392, 'start': 1123.3600000000001, 'end': 1128.96, 'text': ' see the value of gaming for developing your, your sense of strategy and tactics and different', 'tokens': [50836, 536, 264, 2158, 295, 9703, 337, 6416, 428, 11, 428, 2020, 295, 5206, 293, 19454, 293, 819, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15092246763167844, 'compression_ratio': 1.598360655737705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008133176015689969}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 111392, 'start': 1128.96, 'end': 1137.76, 'text': " things. So I think it's really interesting to do. So what I want to know is, do you actually map to", 'tokens': [51116, 721, 13, 407, 286, 519, 309, 311, 534, 1880, 281, 360, 13, 407, 437, 286, 528, 281, 458, 307, 11, 360, 291, 767, 4471, 281, 51556], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15092246763167844, 'compression_ratio': 1.598360655737705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008133176015689969}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 113776, 'start': 1138.32, 'end': 1147.52, 'text': ' create strategy for your coalition? Are you like the resource like a tactically in the online?', 'tokens': [50392, 1884, 5206, 337, 428, 21371, 30, 2014, 291, 411, 264, 7684, 411, 257, 9959, 984, 294, 264, 2950, 30, 50852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045190136842052, 'compression_ratio': 1.7136563876651982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012051370926201344}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 113776, 'start': 1147.52, 'end': 1153.92, 'text': ' Like, are you mapping the resource landscape, the dependencies to move fleets or, or, you know,', 'tokens': [50852, 1743, 11, 366, 291, 18350, 264, 7684, 9661, 11, 264, 36606, 281, 1286, 7025, 1385, 420, 11, 420, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51172], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045190136842052, 'compression_ratio': 1.7136563876651982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012051370926201344}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 113776, 'start': 1153.92, 'end': 1160.0, 'text': ' resources, what you need to try to find the gaps? Yeah, we definitely map through things like, you', 'tokens': [51172, 3593, 11, 437, 291, 643, 281, 853, 281, 915, 264, 15031, 30, 865, 11, 321, 2138, 4471, 807, 721, 411, 11, 291, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045190136842052, 'compression_ratio': 1.7136563876651982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012051370926201344}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 113776, 'start': 1160.0, 'end': 1164.32, 'text': " know, if we're about to deploy somewhere, what do we need? Right? Like, what do we need in terms of", 'tokens': [51476, 458, 11, 498, 321, 434, 466, 281, 7274, 4079, 11, 437, 360, 321, 643, 30, 1779, 30, 1743, 11, 437, 360, 321, 643, 294, 2115, 295, 51692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045190136842052, 'compression_ratio': 1.7136563876651982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012051370926201344}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 116432, 'start': 1164.32, 'end': 1169.12, 'text': ' income for our pilots? What do we need in terms of ships? How are we going to get those ships?', 'tokens': [50364, 5742, 337, 527, 21506, 30, 708, 360, 321, 643, 294, 2115, 295, 11434, 30, 1012, 366, 321, 516, 281, 483, 729, 11434, 30, 50604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09111365344789293, 'compression_ratio': 1.8154362416107384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009117000736296177}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 116432, 'start': 1170.08, 'end': 1173.52, 'text': " What do we need in terms of diplomacy? Right? Like, there's kind of this forest of, you know,", 'tokens': [50652, 708, 360, 321, 643, 294, 2115, 295, 35184, 30, 1779, 30, 1743, 11, 456, 311, 733, 295, 341, 6719, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 50824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09111365344789293, 'compression_ratio': 1.8154362416107384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009117000736296177}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 116432, 'start': 1173.52, 'end': 1177.52, 'text': " in order for us to thrive here, what, what do we need, what do we need to succeed? It's not", 'tokens': [50824, 294, 1668, 337, 505, 281, 21233, 510, 11, 437, 11, 437, 360, 321, 643, 11, 437, 360, 321, 643, 281, 7754, 30, 467, 311, 406, 51024], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09111365344789293, 'compression_ratio': 1.8154362416107384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009117000736296177}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 116432, 'start': 1177.52, 'end': 1182.08, 'text': " necessarily formally written out like in the map diagram sense, but like, it's definitely a skill", 'tokens': [51024, 4725, 25983, 3720, 484, 411, 294, 264, 4471, 10686, 2020, 11, 457, 411, 11, 309, 311, 2138, 257, 5389, 51252], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09111365344789293, 'compression_ratio': 1.8154362416107384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009117000736296177}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 116432, 'start': 1182.08, 'end': 1187.9199999999998, 'text': ' that all of us who are kind of in the leadership of this group are thinking about when we plan through,', 'tokens': [51252, 300, 439, 295, 505, 567, 366, 733, 295, 294, 264, 5848, 295, 341, 1594, 366, 1953, 466, 562, 321, 1393, 807, 11, 51544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09111365344789293, 'compression_ratio': 1.8154362416107384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009117000736296177}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 116432, 'start': 1187.9199999999998, 'end': 1190.8, 'text': " you know, how, hey, here's what we're planning to do next.", 'tokens': [51544, 291, 458, 11, 577, 11, 4177, 11, 510, 311, 437, 321, 434, 5038, 281, 360, 958, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09111365344789293, 'compression_ratio': 1.8154362416107384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009117000736296177}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 119080, 'start': 1190.8, 'end': 1198.48, 'text': ' And just to the point, Edwin made about around learning that you added to Liz,', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 445, 281, 264, 935, 11, 3977, 9136, 1027, 466, 926, 2539, 300, 291, 3869, 281, 16480, 11, 50748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20902372210213307, 'compression_ratio': 1.6194690265486726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004719994496554136}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 119080, 'start': 1200.0, 'end': 1205.12, 'text': ' I remember being told we get off the computer, go out and actually do things in the weird', 'tokens': [50824, 286, 1604, 885, 1907, 321, 483, 766, 264, 3820, 11, 352, 484, 293, 767, 360, 721, 294, 264, 3657, 51080], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20902372210213307, 'compression_ratio': 1.6194690265486726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004719994496554136}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 119080, 'start': 1205.9199999999998, 'end': 1211.28, 'text': ' situation we have now. Whereas if you had a child, you had a choice between three hours on social', 'tokens': [51120, 2590, 321, 362, 586, 13, 13813, 498, 291, 632, 257, 1440, 11, 291, 632, 257, 3922, 1296, 1045, 2496, 322, 2093, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20902372210213307, 'compression_ratio': 1.6194690265486726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004719994496554136}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 119080, 'start': 1211.28, 'end': 1217.76, 'text': ' media or three hours in a game, you probably put them in the nice contained, well thought out space', 'tokens': [51388, 3021, 420, 1045, 2496, 294, 257, 1216, 11, 291, 1391, 829, 552, 294, 264, 1481, 16212, 11, 731, 1194, 484, 1901, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20902372210213307, 'compression_ratio': 1.6194690265486726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004719994496554136}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 121776, 'start': 1217.76, 'end': 1222.64, 'text': " where the things, you know, the outside influences at least can be managed, at least it's curated in a", 'tokens': [50364, 689, 264, 721, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 2380, 21222, 412, 1935, 393, 312, 6453, 11, 412, 1935, 309, 311, 47851, 294, 257, 50608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08654656410217285, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981132075471699, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006640261970460415}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 121776, 'start': 1222.64, 'end': 1227.84, 'text': " way. Whereas in the social sphere, it's just, hey, I'm going to introduce my child to all the", 'tokens': [50608, 636, 13, 13813, 294, 264, 2093, 16687, 11, 309, 311, 445, 11, 4177, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 5366, 452, 1440, 281, 439, 264, 50868], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08654656410217285, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981132075471699, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006640261970460415}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 121776, 'start': 1227.84, 'end': 1232.4, 'text': " worst things that humanity has to offer, and they can talk directly to them. So it's just", 'tokens': [50868, 5855, 721, 300, 10243, 575, 281, 2626, 11, 293, 436, 393, 751, 3838, 281, 552, 13, 407, 309, 311, 445, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08654656410217285, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981132075471699, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006640261970460415}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 121776, 'start': 1232.4, 'end': 1236.32, 'text': ' interesting the way the world has changed in that way or the space has changed.', 'tokens': [51096, 1880, 264, 636, 264, 1002, 575, 3105, 294, 300, 636, 420, 264, 1901, 575, 3105, 13, 51292], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08654656410217285, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981132075471699, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006640261970460415}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 121776, 'start': 1237.76, 'end': 1242.48, 'text': " We've got one question so far in the Q&A, and I can't imagine it's the only one. So", 'tokens': [51364, 492, 600, 658, 472, 1168, 370, 1400, 294, 264, 1249, 5, 32, 11, 293, 286, 393, 380, 3811, 309, 311, 264, 787, 472, 13, 407, 51600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08654656410217285, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981132075471699, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006640261970460415}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 124248, 'start': 1243.44, 'end': 1248.08, 'text': " we will come back. So what we might do is we don't, if we don't have questions yet, we'll just come", 'tokens': [50412, 321, 486, 808, 646, 13, 407, 437, 321, 1062, 360, 307, 321, 500, 380, 11, 498, 321, 500, 380, 362, 1651, 1939, 11, 321, 603, 445, 808, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16995180433041582, 'compression_ratio': 1.5275590551181102, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004389351233839989}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 124248, 'start': 1248.08, 'end': 1255.92, 'text': ' back in this sort of shared Q&A. Question from Christopher, have you discussed the MMRPG experience', 'tokens': [50644, 646, 294, 341, 1333, 295, 5507, 1249, 5, 32, 13, 14464, 490, 20649, 11, 362, 291, 7152, 264, 34191, 28516, 38, 1752, 51036], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16995180433041582, 'compression_ratio': 1.5275590551181102, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004389351233839989}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 124248, 'start': 1255.92, 'end': 1263.3600000000001, 'text': " with Simon? Yes, I have. It's actually how I came to be speaking here. Simon was like, yes, your", 'tokens': [51036, 365, 13193, 30, 1079, 11, 286, 362, 13, 467, 311, 767, 577, 286, 1361, 281, 312, 4124, 510, 13, 13193, 390, 411, 11, 2086, 11, 428, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16995180433041582, 'compression_ratio': 1.5275590551181102, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004389351233839989}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 124248, 'start': 1263.3600000000001, 'end': 1268.4, 'text': " experience with MMOs is like fascinating. Let's have you talk at Mat Camp. How long was the", 'tokens': [51408, 1752, 365, 376, 18976, 82, 307, 411, 10343, 13, 961, 311, 362, 291, 751, 412, 6789, 9189, 13, 1012, 938, 390, 264, 51660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16995180433041582, 'compression_ratio': 1.5275590551181102, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004389351233839989}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 126840, 'start': 1268.4, 'end': 1274.48, 'text': ' conversation and how detailed did it go into a specific game? We talked a fair bit on Twitter.', 'tokens': [50364, 3761, 293, 577, 9942, 630, 309, 352, 666, 257, 2685, 1216, 30, 492, 2825, 257, 3143, 857, 322, 5794, 13, 50668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10959336161613464, 'compression_ratio': 1.545816733067729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0063683162443339825}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 126840, 'start': 1274.48, 'end': 1278.48, 'text': " It actually wasn't synchronous, but we actually talked a lot about my experience with you from", 'tokens': [50668, 467, 767, 2067, 380, 44743, 11, 457, 321, 767, 2825, 257, 688, 466, 452, 1752, 365, 291, 490, 50868], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10959336161613464, 'compression_ratio': 1.545816733067729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0063683162443339825}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 126840, 'start': 1278.48, 'end': 1284.64, 'text': " online. Brilliant. Thanks, Liz. I don't think we've got any questions for now. So what we'll do is", 'tokens': [50868, 2950, 13, 34007, 13, 2561, 11, 16480, 13, 286, 500, 380, 519, 321, 600, 658, 604, 1651, 337, 586, 13, 407, 437, 321, 603, 360, 307, 51176], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10959336161613464, 'compression_ratio': 1.545816733067729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0063683162443339825}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 126840, 'start': 1284.64, 'end': 1292.88, 'text': " we'll go into this curious session that Adrian has planned for us, where I think we're going to see", 'tokens': [51176, 321, 603, 352, 666, 341, 6369, 5481, 300, 31746, 575, 8589, 337, 505, 11, 689, 286, 519, 321, 434, 516, 281, 536, 51588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10959336161613464, 'compression_ratio': 1.545816733067729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0063683162443339825}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 129288, 'start': 1293.2, 'end': 1299.2, 'text': ' a map develop live. So great for any newbies watching, anybody who wants to get a better', 'tokens': [50380, 257, 4471, 1499, 1621, 13, 407, 869, 337, 604, 777, 23177, 1976, 11, 4472, 567, 2738, 281, 483, 257, 1101, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22944574041680976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4978354978354977, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07394909858703613}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 129288, 'start': 1299.2, 'end': 1306.16, 'text': " handle on this, you're watching a domain expert show us how he maps. Dromero. Actually, I was", 'tokens': [50680, 4813, 322, 341, 11, 291, 434, 1976, 257, 9274, 5844, 855, 505, 577, 415, 11317, 13, 2491, 298, 2032, 13, 5135, 11, 286, 390, 51028], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22944574041680976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4978354978354977, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07394909858703613}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 129288, 'start': 1306.16, 'end': 1313.7600000000002, 'text': ' thinking the games I play now are mostly inter-company, standards body, political,', 'tokens': [51028, 1953, 264, 2813, 286, 862, 586, 366, 5240, 728, 12, 21541, 1325, 11, 7787, 1772, 11, 3905, 11, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22944574041680976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4978354978354977, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07394909858703613}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 129288, 'start': 1315.0400000000002, 'end': 1321.5200000000002, 'text': " like, I could say CNCF board meetings and things like that. It's an interesting,", 'tokens': [51472, 411, 11, 286, 727, 584, 48714, 37, 3150, 8410, 293, 721, 411, 300, 13, 467, 311, 364, 1880, 11, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22944574041680976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4978354978354977, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07394909858703613}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 132152, 'start': 1322.48, 'end': 1325.04, 'text': ' I get to do it for real now, so the stakes are higher, I guess.', 'tokens': [50412, 286, 483, 281, 360, 309, 337, 957, 586, 11, 370, 264, 28429, 366, 2946, 11, 286, 2041, 13, 50540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27245422258769, 'compression_ratio': 1.4310344827586208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004797706380486488}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 132152, 'start': 1328.4, 'end': 1334.16, 'text': " Yeah. So I mean, yeah, Sajing, it was the end I'm going to talk about a new Linux foundation", 'tokens': [50708, 865, 13, 407, 286, 914, 11, 1338, 11, 318, 1805, 278, 11, 309, 390, 264, 917, 286, 478, 516, 281, 751, 466, 257, 777, 18734, 7030, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27245422258769, 'compression_ratio': 1.4310344827586208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004797706380486488}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 132152, 'start': 1334.16, 'end': 1339.68, 'text': " body that I've got involved in that's in the sustainability area. But I'm going to start off", 'tokens': [50996, 1772, 300, 286, 600, 658, 3288, 294, 300, 311, 294, 264, 16360, 1859, 13, 583, 286, 478, 516, 281, 722, 766, 51272], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27245422258769, 'compression_ratio': 1.4310344827586208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004797706380486488}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 133968, 'start': 1339.68, 'end': 1358.24, 'text': " by trying to show this map that I've been doing here. Okay, I'm screen sharing. Good. There. All", 'tokens': [50364, 538, 1382, 281, 855, 341, 4471, 300, 286, 600, 668, 884, 510, 13, 1033, 11, 286, 478, 2568, 5414, 13, 2205, 13, 821, 13, 1057, 51292], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.143480711969836, 'compression_ratio': 1.054945054945055, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022234831005334854}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 135824, 'start': 1358.32, 'end': 1368.08, 'text': ' right. Can people see this screen? We can. All right. But a weird focus.', 'tokens': [50368, 558, 13, 1664, 561, 536, 341, 2568, 30, 492, 393, 13, 1057, 558, 13, 583, 257, 3657, 1879, 13, 50856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2127904024991122, 'compression_ratio': 1.5086705202312138, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008813130669295788}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 135824, 'start': 1369.76, 'end': 1377.68, 'text': ' A weird focus? So on the right hand side, you should hopefully see a map. Oh, no, we just see', 'tokens': [50940, 316, 3657, 1879, 30, 407, 322, 264, 558, 1011, 1252, 11, 291, 820, 4696, 536, 257, 4471, 13, 876, 11, 572, 11, 321, 445, 536, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2127904024991122, 'compression_ratio': 1.5086705202312138, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008813130669295788}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 135824, 'start': 1377.68, 'end': 1384.96, 'text': " a text file that says Morality Map. Oh, why isn't it sharing? Are you on more than one screen?", 'tokens': [51336, 257, 2487, 3991, 300, 1619, 5146, 1860, 22053, 13, 876, 11, 983, 1943, 380, 309, 5414, 30, 2014, 291, 322, 544, 813, 472, 2568, 30, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2127904024991122, 'compression_ratio': 1.5086705202312138, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008813130669295788}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 138496, 'start': 1385.92, 'end': 1391.92, 'text': " I don't know what's going on here. Let's just stop the sharing and try sharing it again.", 'tokens': [50412, 286, 500, 380, 458, 437, 311, 516, 322, 510, 13, 961, 311, 445, 1590, 264, 5414, 293, 853, 5414, 309, 797, 13, 50712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25965503345836294, 'compression_ratio': 1.3875968992248062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003053415799513459}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 138496, 'start': 1393.8400000000001, 'end': 1398.64, 'text': " That's, yeah, that's this. Okay.", 'tokens': [50808, 663, 311, 11, 1338, 11, 300, 311, 341, 13, 1033, 13, 51048], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25965503345836294, 'compression_ratio': 1.3875968992248062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003053415799513459}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 138496, 'start': 1406.24, 'end': 1410.72, 'text': " Let's share the whole desktop. And then when I open this.", 'tokens': [51428, 961, 311, 2073, 264, 1379, 14502, 13, 400, 550, 562, 286, 1269, 341, 13, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25965503345836294, 'compression_ratio': 1.3875968992248062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003053415799513459}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 141072, 'start': 1411.44, 'end': 1418.48, 'text': ' All right. Can you see the browser now? We can. All right. Good. So', 'tokens': [50400, 1057, 558, 13, 1664, 291, 536, 264, 11185, 586, 30, 492, 393, 13, 1057, 558, 13, 2205, 13, 407, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12643026775783964, 'compression_ratio': 1.543778801843318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003577993717044592}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 141072, 'start': 1421.92, 'end': 1426.4, 'text': " what I'm going to be talking about, I'm trying to figure out if you can use mapping", 'tokens': [50924, 437, 286, 478, 516, 281, 312, 1417, 466, 11, 286, 478, 1382, 281, 2573, 484, 498, 291, 393, 764, 18350, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12643026775783964, 'compression_ratio': 1.543778801843318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003577993717044592}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 141072, 'start': 1427.1200000000001, 'end': 1433.84, 'text': " to map rather than a value chain, I'm calling it kind of a morality chain. It's sort of thinking", 'tokens': [51184, 281, 4471, 2831, 813, 257, 2158, 5021, 11, 286, 478, 5141, 309, 733, 295, 257, 29106, 5021, 13, 467, 311, 1333, 295, 1953, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12643026775783964, 'compression_ratio': 1.543778801843318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003577993717044592}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 141072, 'start': 1433.84, 'end': 1440.48, 'text': ' of morals as the things which are accepted by society, if you like. And in particular,', 'tokens': [51520, 295, 46849, 382, 264, 721, 597, 366, 9035, 538, 4086, 11, 498, 291, 411, 13, 400, 294, 1729, 11, 51852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12643026775783964, 'compression_ratio': 1.543778801843318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003577993717044592}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 144072, 'start': 1440.72, 'end': 1446.32, 'text': " from a corporate point of view. So there's this thing called corporate responsibility or", 'tokens': [50364, 490, 257, 10896, 935, 295, 1910, 13, 407, 456, 311, 341, 551, 1219, 10896, 6357, 420, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14242660431634813, 'compression_ratio': 1.6607142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027919441927224398}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 144072, 'start': 1446.32, 'end': 1452.0, 'text': ' corporate social responsibility or environmental social and governance, which is what is the', 'tokens': [50644, 10896, 2093, 6357, 420, 8303, 2093, 293, 17449, 11, 597, 307, 437, 307, 264, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14242660431634813, 'compression_ratio': 1.6607142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027919441927224398}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 144072, 'start': 1452.0, 'end': 1458.64, 'text': " company's position on a thing that matters to you, whether it's, you know, Black Lives Matter or", 'tokens': [50928, 2237, 311, 2535, 322, 257, 551, 300, 7001, 281, 291, 11, 1968, 309, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 4076, 25791, 20285, 420, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14242660431634813, 'compression_ratio': 1.6607142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027919441927224398}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 144072, 'start': 1459.2, 'end': 1464.96, 'text': " women's rights or whatever. So I'll sort of try to sort of explore this space and look at the", 'tokens': [51288, 2266, 311, 4601, 420, 2035, 13, 407, 286, 603, 1333, 295, 853, 281, 1333, 295, 6839, 341, 1901, 293, 574, 412, 264, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14242660431634813, 'compression_ratio': 1.6607142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027919441927224398}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 146496, 'start': 1464.96, 'end': 1470.72, 'text': ' evolution of these things as they move from fringe sort of the idea is basically start out as', 'tokens': [50364, 9303, 295, 613, 721, 382, 436, 1286, 490, 38764, 1333, 295, 264, 1558, 307, 1936, 722, 484, 382, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13253679610135263, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018753910437226295}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 146496, 'start': 1471.52, 'end': 1475.52, 'text': " one person has an idea and they're obviously a lunatic because there's only one of them.", 'tokens': [50692, 472, 954, 575, 364, 1558, 293, 436, 434, 2745, 257, 19039, 2399, 570, 456, 311, 787, 472, 295, 552, 13, 50892], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13253679610135263, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018753910437226295}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 146496, 'start': 1476.16, 'end': 1480.72, 'text': ' And then you get a few more people. It becomes sort of a fringe thing. Then it moves, then it', 'tokens': [50924, 400, 550, 291, 483, 257, 1326, 544, 561, 13, 467, 3643, 1333, 295, 257, 38764, 551, 13, 1396, 309, 6067, 11, 550, 309, 51152], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13253679610135263, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018753910437226295}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 146496, 'start': 1480.72, 'end': 1485.3600000000001, 'text': " becomes sort of a movement, a pressure, still a minority, but it's a movement that's got its own", 'tokens': [51152, 3643, 1333, 295, 257, 3963, 11, 257, 3321, 11, 920, 257, 16166, 11, 457, 309, 311, 257, 3963, 300, 311, 658, 1080, 1065, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13253679610135263, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018753910437226295}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 146496, 'start': 1485.3600000000001, 'end': 1492.4, 'text': " identity. And then it sort of turns from this custom built thing into something that's more", 'tokens': [51384, 6575, 13, 400, 550, 309, 1333, 295, 4523, 490, 341, 2375, 3094, 551, 666, 746, 300, 311, 544, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13253679610135263, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018753910437226295}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 149240, 'start': 1492.4, 'end': 1498.72, 'text': ' like a product or an option. So you can choose a particular set of societal norms. You can decide', 'tokens': [50364, 411, 257, 1674, 420, 364, 3614, 13, 407, 291, 393, 2826, 257, 1729, 992, 295, 33472, 24357, 13, 509, 393, 4536, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1135692040125529, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008488315157592297}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 149240, 'start': 1498.72, 'end': 1503.68, 'text': " that maybe you want to form unions, not everyone likes unions, but some people do, some people don't.", 'tokens': [50680, 300, 1310, 291, 528, 281, 1254, 24914, 11, 406, 1518, 5902, 24914, 11, 457, 512, 561, 360, 11, 512, 561, 500, 380, 13, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1135692040125529, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008488315157592297}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 149240, 'start': 1503.68, 'end': 1510.0, 'text': " So they're sort of examples of things where there's a prebuilt thing that you can buy into.", 'tokens': [50928, 407, 436, 434, 1333, 295, 5110, 295, 721, 689, 456, 311, 257, 659, 23018, 551, 300, 291, 393, 2256, 666, 13, 51244], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1135692040125529, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008488315157592297}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 149240, 'start': 1510.72, 'end': 1515.92, 'text': ' And the, but the world is divided, not everyone agrees that these things are universally good', 'tokens': [51280, 400, 264, 11, 457, 264, 1002, 307, 6666, 11, 406, 1518, 26383, 300, 613, 721, 366, 43995, 665, 51540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1135692040125529, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008488315157592297}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 149240, 'start': 1515.92, 'end': 1521.2800000000002, 'text': " there. And you know, there's there's two sides or more than one option. And then finally, you get to", 'tokens': [51540, 456, 13, 400, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 456, 311, 732, 4881, 420, 544, 813, 472, 3614, 13, 400, 550, 2721, 11, 291, 483, 281, 51808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1135692040125529, 'compression_ratio': 1.8134328358208955, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008488315157592297}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 152128, 'start': 1521.28, 'end': 1526.8, 'text': " this sort of commodity utility model where you've got your regulation that's everyone should run", 'tokens': [50364, 341, 1333, 295, 29125, 14877, 2316, 689, 291, 600, 658, 428, 15062, 300, 311, 1518, 820, 1190, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15958272883322386, 'compression_ratio': 1.758364312267658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034558402840048075}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 152128, 'start': 1526.8, 'end': 1531.68, 'text': " the companies the same way. There's financial regulations and things like that and laws are", 'tokens': [50640, 264, 3431, 264, 912, 636, 13, 821, 311, 4669, 12563, 293, 721, 411, 300, 293, 6064, 366, 50884], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15958272883322386, 'compression_ratio': 1.758364312267658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034558402840048075}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 152128, 'start': 1531.68, 'end': 1535.84, 'text': " sort of the thing that really builds down. So okay, it's a law of the country, everyone has to do it", 'tokens': [50884, 1333, 295, 264, 551, 300, 534, 15182, 760, 13, 407, 1392, 11, 309, 311, 257, 2101, 295, 264, 1941, 11, 1518, 575, 281, 360, 309, 51092], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15958272883322386, 'compression_ratio': 1.758364312267658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034558402840048075}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 152128, 'start': 1535.84, 'end': 1541.28, 'text': ' whether you like it or not. This thing has been completely accepted at this point. So does that', 'tokens': [51092, 1968, 291, 411, 309, 420, 406, 13, 639, 551, 575, 668, 2584, 9035, 412, 341, 935, 13, 407, 775, 300, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15958272883322386, 'compression_ratio': 1.758364312267658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034558402840048075}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 152128, 'start': 1541.28, 'end': 1548.72, 'text': ' make sense? The people, yeah. And then the people sort of the the anchors for this map,', 'tokens': [51364, 652, 2020, 30, 440, 561, 11, 1338, 13, 400, 550, 264, 561, 1333, 295, 264, 264, 12723, 830, 337, 341, 4471, 11, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15958272883322386, 'compression_ratio': 1.758364312267658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034558402840048075}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 154872, 'start': 1549.68, 'end': 1554.16, 'text': " if you're an if you're a company, you're trying to acquire new customers. So I put that in the", 'tokens': [50412, 498, 291, 434, 364, 498, 291, 434, 257, 2237, 11, 291, 434, 1382, 281, 20001, 777, 4581, 13, 407, 286, 829, 300, 294, 264, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11661274092538017, 'compression_ratio': 1.763157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002597404643893242}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 154872, 'start': 1554.16, 'end': 1559.84, 'text': " sort of Genesis side, right? You're these are new people that you want them to think good things", 'tokens': [50636, 1333, 295, 20587, 1252, 11, 558, 30, 509, 434, 613, 366, 777, 561, 300, 291, 528, 552, 281, 519, 665, 721, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11661274092538017, 'compression_ratio': 1.763157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002597404643893242}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 154872, 'start': 1559.84, 'end': 1565.44, 'text': " about you and buy something from you and not say, I don't want to buy from this company because", 'tokens': [50920, 466, 291, 293, 2256, 746, 490, 291, 293, 406, 584, 11, 286, 500, 380, 528, 281, 2256, 490, 341, 2237, 570, 51200], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11661274092538017, 'compression_ratio': 1.763157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002597404643893242}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 154872, 'start': 1565.44, 'end': 1572.0, 'text': " the CEO says something stupid, right? And then there's shareholders who are looking at the", 'tokens': [51200, 264, 9282, 1619, 746, 6631, 11, 558, 30, 400, 550, 456, 311, 33294, 567, 366, 1237, 412, 264, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11661274092538017, 'compression_ratio': 1.763157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002597404643893242}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 154872, 'start': 1572.64, 'end': 1577.68, 'text': " corporate position of organizations. And then there's employees who see sort of the inside", 'tokens': [51560, 10896, 2535, 295, 6150, 13, 400, 550, 456, 311, 6619, 567, 536, 1333, 295, 264, 1854, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11661274092538017, 'compression_ratio': 1.763157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002597404643893242}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 157768, 'start': 1577.68, 'end': 1584.64, 'text': " of you of it, right? So that's sort of got and then I spent forever building this this thing", 'tokens': [50364, 295, 291, 295, 309, 11, 558, 30, 407, 300, 311, 1333, 295, 658, 293, 550, 286, 4418, 5680, 2390, 341, 341, 551, 50712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14815839787119442, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954545454545455, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014428136637434363}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 157768, 'start': 1584.64, 'end': 1591.8400000000001, 'text': " and I'm going to try I'm going to animate it by commenting things to sort of try to display it.", 'tokens': [50712, 293, 286, 478, 516, 281, 853, 286, 478, 516, 281, 36439, 309, 538, 29590, 721, 281, 1333, 295, 853, 281, 4674, 309, 13, 51072], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14815839787119442, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954545454545455, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014428136637434363}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 157768, 'start': 1592.48, 'end': 1598.5600000000002, 'text': " So to start with, we've got the public position, like this is the position that's accepted", 'tokens': [51104, 407, 281, 722, 365, 11, 321, 600, 658, 264, 1908, 2535, 11, 411, 341, 307, 264, 2535, 300, 311, 9035, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14815839787119442, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954545454545455, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014428136637434363}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 157768, 'start': 1598.5600000000002, 'end': 1603.76, 'text': " out in the market, what people say. And then there's a private position, which is what's said", 'tokens': [51408, 484, 294, 264, 2142, 11, 437, 561, 584, 13, 400, 550, 456, 311, 257, 4551, 2535, 11, 597, 307, 437, 311, 848, 51668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14815839787119442, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954545454545455, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014428136637434363}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 160376, 'start': 1603.76, 'end': 1608.4, 'text': " internally. And hopefully they're congruent. Occasionally, then they're not quite so congruent,", 'tokens': [50364, 19501, 13, 400, 4696, 436, 434, 8882, 19226, 13, 26191, 6822, 379, 11, 550, 436, 434, 406, 1596, 370, 8882, 19226, 11, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08150653839111328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8176100628930818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020626604557037354}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 160376, 'start': 1608.4, 'end': 1613.2, 'text': " right? One of the reasons is maybe there's stuff that's private that hasn't been released yet,", 'tokens': [50596, 558, 30, 1485, 295, 264, 4112, 307, 1310, 456, 311, 1507, 300, 311, 4551, 300, 6132, 380, 668, 4736, 1939, 11, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08150653839111328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8176100628930818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020626604557037354}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 160376, 'start': 1613.2, 'end': 1616.8, 'text': " like there's a lot of stuff being developed and we haven't quite got to the point where we're", 'tokens': [50836, 411, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 1507, 885, 4743, 293, 321, 2378, 380, 1596, 658, 281, 264, 935, 689, 321, 434, 51016], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08150653839111328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8176100628930818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020626604557037354}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 160376, 'start': 1616.8, 'end': 1622.0, 'text': " announcing it to the world, that we've done some good things or whatever. And sometimes there's", 'tokens': [51016, 28706, 309, 281, 264, 1002, 11, 300, 321, 600, 1096, 512, 665, 721, 420, 2035, 13, 400, 2171, 456, 311, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08150653839111328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8176100628930818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020626604557037354}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 160376, 'start': 1622.0, 'end': 1627.68, 'text': " just organizations where what they say publicly is not the same as what they're doing internally.", 'tokens': [51276, 445, 6150, 689, 437, 436, 584, 14843, 307, 406, 264, 912, 382, 437, 436, 434, 884, 19501, 13, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08150653839111328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8176100628930818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020626604557037354}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 160376, 'start': 1627.68, 'end': 1632.24, 'text': " And employees look at both of those and sometimes they go, you know what, I'm going to leave or I'm", 'tokens': [51560, 400, 6619, 574, 412, 1293, 295, 729, 293, 2171, 436, 352, 11, 291, 458, 437, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1856, 420, 286, 478, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08150653839111328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8176100628930818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020626604557037354}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 163224, 'start': 1632.32, 'end': 1637.92, 'text': " going to complain about this so that we've, as Liz mentioned, some examples of that.", 'tokens': [50368, 516, 281, 11024, 466, 341, 370, 300, 321, 600, 11, 382, 16480, 2835, 11, 512, 5110, 295, 300, 13, 50648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.175222747627346, 'compression_ratio': 1.5862068965517242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0044984277337789536}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 163224, 'start': 1639.36, 'end': 1645.36, 'text': " So, all right, so hopefully that makes sense. So then there's what the executives say, like,", 'tokens': [50720, 407, 11, 439, 558, 11, 370, 4696, 300, 1669, 2020, 13, 407, 550, 456, 311, 437, 264, 28485, 584, 11, 411, 11, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.175222747627346, 'compression_ratio': 1.5862068965517242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0044984277337789536}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 163224, 'start': 1645.36, 'end': 1650.4, 'text': ' you know, the CEO of says something either good or stupid and the world reacts and they think', 'tokens': [51020, 291, 458, 11, 264, 9282, 295, 1619, 746, 2139, 665, 420, 6631, 293, 264, 1002, 33305, 293, 436, 519, 51272], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.175222747627346, 'compression_ratio': 1.5862068965517242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0044984277337789536}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 163224, 'start': 1650.4, 'end': 1657.2, 'text': " something different about the company. Marketing are producing content that's web pages, there's", 'tokens': [51272, 746, 819, 466, 264, 2237, 13, 27402, 366, 10501, 2701, 300, 311, 3670, 7183, 11, 456, 311, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.175222747627346, 'compression_ratio': 1.5862068965517242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0044984277337789536}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 165720, 'start': 1657.2, 'end': 1666.64, 'text': " pages about, you know, this is your position on some social issue. And then there's a bunch of", 'tokens': [50364, 7183, 466, 11, 291, 458, 11, 341, 307, 428, 2535, 322, 512, 2093, 2734, 13, 400, 550, 456, 311, 257, 3840, 295, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965835216433503, 'compression_ratio': 1.705607476635514, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024096271954476833}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 165720, 'start': 1666.64, 'end': 1672.48, 'text': ' internal content, which is all the things internal to the company which support that', 'tokens': [50836, 6920, 2701, 11, 597, 307, 439, 264, 721, 6920, 281, 264, 2237, 597, 1406, 300, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965835216433503, 'compression_ratio': 1.705607476635514, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024096271954476833}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 165720, 'start': 1672.48, 'end': 1676.8, 'text': ' private position, the marketing or the executive statements, you know, what data do you have,', 'tokens': [51128, 4551, 2535, 11, 264, 6370, 420, 264, 10140, 12363, 11, 291, 458, 11, 437, 1412, 360, 291, 362, 11, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965835216433503, 'compression_ratio': 1.705607476635514, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024096271954476833}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 165720, 'start': 1676.8, 'end': 1686.8, 'text': " what are you actually doing, all that kind of stuff. And quite often, we're actually seeing", 'tokens': [51344, 437, 366, 291, 767, 884, 11, 439, 300, 733, 295, 1507, 13, 400, 1596, 2049, 11, 321, 434, 767, 2577, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0965835216433503, 'compression_ratio': 1.705607476635514, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024096271954476833}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 168680, 'start': 1687.04, 'end': 1691.84, 'text': ' board level mandates, like there are rules now that boards have to have a female member, at least', 'tokens': [50376, 3150, 1496, 48662, 11, 411, 456, 366, 4474, 586, 300, 13293, 362, 281, 362, 257, 6556, 4006, 11, 412, 1935, 50616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11090027353037958, 'compression_ratio': 1.740072202166065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026966044679284096}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 168680, 'start': 1691.84, 'end': 1697.28, 'text': " one, in fact, in California has now made the rule to say there should be two. It's not just a token,", 'tokens': [50616, 472, 11, 294, 1186, 11, 294, 5384, 575, 586, 1027, 264, 4978, 281, 584, 456, 820, 312, 732, 13, 467, 311, 406, 445, 257, 14862, 11, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11090027353037958, 'compression_ratio': 1.740072202166065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026966044679284096}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 168680, 'start': 1697.28, 'end': 1702.24, 'text': " it should be like we're looking for a more representative and diverse board. So there's a", 'tokens': [50888, 309, 820, 312, 411, 321, 434, 1237, 337, 257, 544, 12424, 293, 9521, 3150, 13, 407, 456, 311, 257, 51136], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11090027353037958, 'compression_ratio': 1.740072202166065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026966044679284096}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 168680, 'start': 1702.24, 'end': 1707.9199999999998, 'text': ' board level mandate in the best practices. So this is starting to come down from organizations', 'tokens': [51136, 3150, 1496, 23885, 294, 264, 1151, 7525, 13, 407, 341, 307, 2891, 281, 808, 760, 490, 6150, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11090027353037958, 'compression_ratio': 1.740072202166065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026966044679284096}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 168680, 'start': 1707.9199999999998, 'end': 1716.48, 'text': " that boards are looking at diversity, for example. Sometimes you're part of a supply chain, right,", 'tokens': [51420, 300, 13293, 366, 1237, 412, 8811, 11, 337, 1365, 13, 4803, 291, 434, 644, 295, 257, 5847, 5021, 11, 558, 11, 51848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11090027353037958, 'compression_ratio': 1.740072202166065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026966044679284096}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 171648, 'start': 1716.96, 'end': 1722.08, 'text': ' you either have a supply chain of people, companies who supply you with goods, or you are part of a', 'tokens': [50388, 291, 2139, 362, 257, 5847, 5021, 295, 561, 11, 3431, 567, 5847, 291, 365, 10179, 11, 420, 291, 366, 644, 295, 257, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09877111310156707, 'compression_ratio': 1.8622047244094488, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001428330084308982}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 171648, 'start': 1722.08, 'end': 1726.56, 'text': ' supply, where you supply some of the company. Think about a manufacturing supply chain.', 'tokens': [50644, 5847, 11, 689, 291, 5847, 512, 295, 264, 2237, 13, 6557, 466, 257, 11096, 5847, 5021, 13, 50868], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09877111310156707, 'compression_ratio': 1.8622047244094488, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001428330084308982}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 171648, 'start': 1727.68, 'end': 1731.76, 'text': ' And there are mandates that come down as part of that supply chain, particularly sustainability', 'tokens': [50924, 400, 456, 366, 48662, 300, 808, 760, 382, 644, 295, 300, 5847, 5021, 11, 4098, 16360, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09877111310156707, 'compression_ratio': 1.8622047244094488, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001428330084308982}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 171648, 'start': 1731.76, 'end': 1736.16, 'text': ' is one where saying I need to know the carbon footprint of this thing. Okay, I bought a power', 'tokens': [51128, 307, 472, 689, 1566, 286, 643, 281, 458, 264, 5954, 24222, 295, 341, 551, 13, 1033, 11, 286, 4243, 257, 1347, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09877111310156707, 'compression_ratio': 1.8622047244094488, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001428330084308982}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 171648, 'start': 1736.16, 'end': 1740.16, 'text': ' supply from somebody, what is the carbon footprint of that power supply, those kinds of things.', 'tokens': [51348, 5847, 490, 2618, 11, 437, 307, 264, 5954, 24222, 295, 300, 1347, 5847, 11, 729, 3685, 295, 721, 13, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09877111310156707, 'compression_ratio': 1.8622047244094488, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001428330084308982}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 174016, 'start': 1741.0400000000002, 'end': 1748.5600000000002, 'text': ' Another thing is direct losses, hopefully this makes sense. So sometimes it could be, hey,', 'tokens': [50408, 3996, 551, 307, 2047, 15352, 11, 4696, 341, 1669, 2020, 13, 407, 2171, 309, 727, 312, 11, 4177, 11, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2232074299077878, 'compression_ratio': 1.5990990990990992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002798285335302353}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 174016, 'start': 1748.5600000000002, 'end': 1756.48, 'text': ' my building got flooded by climate change. It could be people are boycotting your product because', 'tokens': [50784, 452, 2390, 658, 31594, 538, 5659, 1319, 13, 467, 727, 312, 561, 366, 3237, 48477, 783, 428, 1674, 570, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2232074299077878, 'compression_ratio': 1.5990990990990992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002798285335302353}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 174016, 'start': 1756.48, 'end': 1761.2, 'text': " they don't like something about your company, like Hobby Lobby is an example, or they're,", 'tokens': [51180, 436, 500, 380, 411, 746, 466, 428, 2237, 11, 411, 49705, 30719, 2322, 307, 364, 1365, 11, 420, 436, 434, 11, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2232074299077878, 'compression_ratio': 1.5990990990990992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002798285335302353}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 174016, 'start': 1762.24, 'end': 1765.28, 'text': " some people like it, some people don't. So you get this sort of divisions in", 'tokens': [51468, 512, 561, 411, 309, 11, 512, 561, 500, 380, 13, 407, 291, 483, 341, 1333, 295, 24328, 294, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2232074299077878, 'compression_ratio': 1.5990990990990992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002798285335302353}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 176528, 'start': 1765.92, 'end': 1769.68, 'text': ' society where some people will align and some people will reject.', 'tokens': [50396, 4086, 689, 512, 561, 486, 7975, 293, 512, 561, 486, 8248, 13, 50584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.161810574466235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6732673267326732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016394403064623475}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 176528, 'start': 1772.48, 'end': 1777.12, 'text': " You're also potentially building products that are based on this differentiation,", 'tokens': [50724, 509, 434, 611, 7263, 2390, 3383, 300, 366, 2361, 322, 341, 38902, 11, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.161810574466235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6732673267326732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016394403064623475}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 176528, 'start': 1777.68, 'end': 1784.8799999999999, 'text': ' like, you know, my product is not labeled green, or sustainable in some way, or it particularly', 'tokens': [50984, 411, 11, 291, 458, 11, 452, 1674, 307, 406, 21335, 3092, 11, 420, 11235, 294, 512, 636, 11, 420, 309, 4098, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.161810574466235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6732673267326732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016394403064623475}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 176528, 'start': 1784.8799999999999, 'end': 1791.92, 'text': ' supports, like you see labeled women and businesses or minority and businesses and on label of', 'tokens': [51344, 9346, 11, 411, 291, 536, 21335, 2266, 293, 6011, 420, 16166, 293, 6011, 293, 322, 7645, 295, 51696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.161810574466235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6732673267326732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016394403064623475}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 179192, 'start': 1791.92, 'end': 1796.64, 'text': ' products or consumer products. So maybe you can differentiate your product based on your', 'tokens': [50364, 3383, 420, 9711, 3383, 13, 407, 1310, 291, 393, 23203, 428, 1674, 2361, 322, 428, 50600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1127742351871906, 'compression_ratio': 1.7292418772563176, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013621888356283307}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 179192, 'start': 1796.64, 'end': 1806.16, 'text': ' public position on some issue. And then calling this rehabilitation, but the best example probably', 'tokens': [50600, 1908, 2535, 322, 512, 2734, 13, 400, 550, 5141, 341, 33700, 11, 457, 264, 1151, 1365, 1391, 51076], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1127742351871906, 'compression_ratio': 1.7292418772563176, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013621888356283307}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 179192, 'start': 1806.16, 'end': 1810.16, 'text': " is Volkswagen. There's this whole thing about diesel gate where they were cheating, they've been", 'tokens': [51076, 307, 39856, 13, 821, 311, 341, 1379, 551, 466, 21258, 8539, 689, 436, 645, 18309, 11, 436, 600, 668, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1127742351871906, 'compression_ratio': 1.7292418772563176, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013621888356283307}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 179192, 'start': 1810.16, 'end': 1815.68, 'text': ' huge fines, people have been fired. The response of Volkswagen is that they have moved very heavily', 'tokens': [51276, 2603, 37989, 11, 561, 362, 668, 11777, 13, 440, 4134, 295, 39856, 307, 300, 436, 362, 4259, 588, 10950, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1127742351871906, 'compression_ratio': 1.7292418772563176, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013621888356283307}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 179192, 'start': 1815.68, 'end': 1820.0800000000002, 'text': ' to electric vehicles. They basically said we have to do something, we have to rehabilitate our', 'tokens': [51552, 281, 5210, 8948, 13, 814, 1936, 848, 321, 362, 281, 360, 746, 11, 321, 362, 281, 26043, 8086, 527, 51772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1127742351871906, 'compression_ratio': 1.7292418772563176, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013621888356283307}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 182008, 'start': 1820.1599999999999, 'end': 1827.4399999999998, 'text': ' reputation. And they made, they built the bullet and went very strongly into a new generation,', 'tokens': [50368, 13061, 13, 400, 436, 1027, 11, 436, 3094, 264, 11632, 293, 1437, 588, 10613, 666, 257, 777, 5125, 11, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1306604856855414, 'compression_ratio': 1.6768558951965065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034678683150559664}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 182008, 'start': 1827.4399999999998, 'end': 1833.1999999999998, 'text': " or something that they wouldn't probably have done before. Another example is energy companies like", 'tokens': [50732, 420, 746, 300, 436, 2759, 380, 1391, 362, 1096, 949, 13, 3996, 1365, 307, 2281, 3431, 411, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1306604856855414, 'compression_ratio': 1.6768558951965065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034678683150559664}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 182008, 'start': 1833.1999999999998, 'end': 1841.76, 'text': " BP, who are now green, green energy suppliers and have very strong mandates to become, they're", 'tokens': [51020, 40533, 11, 567, 366, 586, 3092, 11, 3092, 2281, 29467, 293, 362, 588, 2068, 48662, 281, 1813, 11, 436, 434, 51448], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1306604856855414, 'compression_ratio': 1.6768558951965065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034678683150559664}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 182008, 'start': 1841.76, 'end': 1847.36, 'text': " trying to move to a post oil economy, you're seeing this in some of the, some of the states in", 'tokens': [51448, 1382, 281, 1286, 281, 257, 2183, 3184, 5010, 11, 291, 434, 2577, 341, 294, 512, 295, 264, 11, 512, 295, 264, 4368, 294, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1306604856855414, 'compression_ratio': 1.6768558951965065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034678683150559664}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 184736, 'start': 1847.36, 'end': 1851.76, 'text': " in Arabia like Bahrain, they're investing in the post oil economy, what are they going to do", 'tokens': [50364, 294, 21610, 411, 14782, 7146, 11, 436, 434, 10978, 294, 264, 2183, 3184, 5010, 11, 437, 366, 436, 516, 281, 360, 50584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10882012698115134, 'compression_ratio': 1.6223175965665235, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005768545437604189}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 184736, 'start': 1851.76, 'end': 1856.9599999999998, 'text': " when the oil runs out? So there's sort of ideas here where you're trying, you had a previous", 'tokens': [50584, 562, 264, 3184, 6676, 484, 30, 407, 456, 311, 1333, 295, 3487, 510, 689, 291, 434, 1382, 11, 291, 632, 257, 3894, 50844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10882012698115134, 'compression_ratio': 1.6223175965665235, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005768545437604189}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 184736, 'start': 1856.9599999999998, 'end': 1861.36, 'text': " position that wasn't good, but you're trying to rehabilitate it. Just going to pause here, does", 'tokens': [50844, 2535, 300, 2067, 380, 665, 11, 457, 291, 434, 1382, 281, 26043, 8086, 309, 13, 1449, 516, 281, 10465, 510, 11, 775, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10882012698115134, 'compression_ratio': 1.6223175965665235, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005768545437604189}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 184736, 'start': 1861.36, 'end': 1866.7199999999998, 'text': " that make some kind of sense? I'm going to try to get all the labels right here. Any comments on", 'tokens': [51064, 300, 652, 512, 733, 295, 2020, 30, 286, 478, 516, 281, 853, 281, 483, 439, 264, 16949, 558, 510, 13, 2639, 3053, 322, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10882012698115134, 'compression_ratio': 1.6223175965665235, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005768545437604189}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 186672, 'start': 1866.72, 'end': 1877.76, 'text': " that at this point? People don't want to actually comment, but okay, let's move on a bit.", 'tokens': [50364, 300, 412, 341, 935, 30, 3432, 500, 380, 528, 281, 767, 2871, 11, 457, 1392, 11, 718, 311, 1286, 322, 257, 857, 13, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16727695245852417, 'compression_ratio': 1.554054054054054, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16558748483657837}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 186672, 'start': 1878.56, 'end': 1885.44, 'text': " I was on mute there Adrian. What I will say, to anybody who's watching and wants to comment,", 'tokens': [50956, 286, 390, 322, 24523, 456, 31746, 13, 708, 286, 486, 584, 11, 281, 4472, 567, 311, 1976, 293, 2738, 281, 2871, 11, 51300], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16727695245852417, 'compression_ratio': 1.554054054054054, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16558748483657837}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 186672, 'start': 1885.44, 'end': 1890.8, 'text': ' to ask any questions, I know that Adrian likes an interactive sort of conversation,', 'tokens': [51300, 281, 1029, 604, 1651, 11, 286, 458, 300, 31746, 5902, 364, 15141, 1333, 295, 3761, 11, 51568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16727695245852417, 'compression_ratio': 1.554054054054054, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16558748483657837}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 186672, 'start': 1890.8, 'end': 1894.72, 'text': ' and this is the question and answer. So feel free to interject with questions.', 'tokens': [51568, 293, 341, 307, 264, 1168, 293, 1867, 13, 407, 841, 1737, 281, 46787, 365, 1651, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16727695245852417, 'compression_ratio': 1.554054054054054, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16558748483657837}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 189472, 'start': 1894.72, 'end': 1903.3600000000001, 'text': " I'll find a suitable moment to jump in and ask them. Yeah. So given, so what I try to do here is map", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 603, 915, 257, 12873, 1623, 281, 3012, 294, 293, 1029, 552, 13, 865, 13, 407, 2212, 11, 370, 437, 286, 853, 281, 360, 510, 307, 4471, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11452051798502604, 'compression_ratio': 1.4773869346733668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005951675586402416}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 189472, 'start': 1903.3600000000001, 'end': 1912.16, 'text': ' the various components that, that would make up a corporate position on something. So then the next', 'tokens': [50796, 264, 3683, 6677, 300, 11, 300, 576, 652, 493, 257, 10896, 2535, 322, 746, 13, 407, 550, 264, 958, 51236], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11452051798502604, 'compression_ratio': 1.4773869346733668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005951675586402416}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 189472, 'start': 1912.16, 'end': 1918.64, 'text': ' question is, so what does this look like for a particular issue? And I think one that gives a', 'tokens': [51236, 1168, 307, 11, 370, 437, 775, 341, 574, 411, 337, 257, 1729, 2734, 30, 400, 286, 519, 472, 300, 2709, 257, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11452051798502604, 'compression_ratio': 1.4773869346733668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005951675586402416}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 191864, 'start': 1918.64, 'end': 1924.8000000000002, 'text': " real sort of clear view of this, I think is women's rights. And if you look at 100 years ago,", 'tokens': [50364, 957, 1333, 295, 1850, 1910, 295, 341, 11, 286, 519, 307, 2266, 311, 4601, 13, 400, 498, 291, 574, 412, 2319, 924, 2057, 11, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12146224262558411, 'compression_ratio': 1.6419213973799127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14961232244968414}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 191864, 'start': 1925.76, 'end': 1933.92, 'text': " women's rights were, were emergent. And there was a tweet I saw today that on this day in 1907,", 'tokens': [50720, 2266, 311, 4601, 645, 11, 645, 4345, 6930, 13, 400, 456, 390, 257, 15258, 286, 1866, 965, 300, 322, 341, 786, 294, 1294, 16231, 11, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12146224262558411, 'compression_ratio': 1.6419213973799127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14961232244968414}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 191864, 'start': 1933.92, 'end': 1939.3600000000001, 'text': ' which is only just over 100 years ago, was the sort of birth of the suffragette movement in the UK,', 'tokens': [51128, 597, 307, 787, 445, 670, 2319, 924, 2057, 11, 390, 264, 1333, 295, 3965, 295, 264, 3889, 424, 847, 975, 3963, 294, 264, 7051, 11, 51400], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12146224262558411, 'compression_ratio': 1.6419213973799127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14961232244968414}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 191864, 'start': 1939.3600000000001, 'end': 1944.24, 'text': ' where women said, you know, hey, we want the right to vote. And we did it at a meeting', 'tokens': [51400, 689, 2266, 848, 11, 291, 458, 11, 4177, 11, 321, 528, 264, 558, 281, 4740, 13, 400, 321, 630, 309, 412, 257, 3440, 51644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12146224262558411, 'compression_ratio': 1.6419213973799127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14961232244968414}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 194424, 'start': 1944.96, 'end': 1950.32, 'text': ' where I think Winston Churchill was, was the, was doing some rally and he said, hey, we want the', 'tokens': [50400, 689, 286, 519, 33051, 39837, 390, 11, 390, 264, 11, 390, 884, 512, 17584, 293, 415, 848, 11, 4177, 11, 321, 528, 264, 50668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14531322554046033, 'compression_ratio': 1.5879828326180256, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005949527956545353}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 194424, 'start': 1950.32, 'end': 1956.72, 'text': ' right to vote. They got put in prison for disrupting this meeting. So, you know, obviously, nowadays,', 'tokens': [50668, 558, 281, 4740, 13, 814, 658, 829, 294, 6168, 337, 14124, 278, 341, 3440, 13, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2745, 11, 13434, 11, 50988], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14531322554046033, 'compression_ratio': 1.5879828326180256, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005949527956545353}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 194424, 'start': 1956.72, 'end': 1961.2, 'text': " we've moved on a little bit, and we can show the evolution of this to it's now,", 'tokens': [50988, 321, 600, 4259, 322, 257, 707, 857, 11, 293, 321, 393, 855, 264, 9303, 295, 341, 281, 309, 311, 586, 11, 51212], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14531322554046033, 'compression_ratio': 1.5879828326180256, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005949527956545353}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 194424, 'start': 1962.32, 'end': 1966.24, 'text': " it's a, you know, it's the law of the land that you should be equal in many different ways.", 'tokens': [51268, 309, 311, 257, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 264, 2101, 295, 264, 2117, 300, 291, 820, 312, 2681, 294, 867, 819, 2098, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14531322554046033, 'compression_ratio': 1.5879828326180256, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005949527956545353}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 196624, 'start': 1966.96, 'end': 1974.48, 'text': " And it's socially unacceptable to have for a company to have the position that they can", 'tokens': [50400, 400, 309, 311, 21397, 31812, 281, 362, 337, 257, 2237, 281, 362, 264, 2535, 300, 436, 393, 50776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1998490420254794, 'compression_ratio': 1.4565217391304348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03995562717318535}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 196624, 'start': 1974.48, 'end': 1979.84, 'text': " discriminate against women. Right. It 100 years ago, it was normal, you wouldn't be,", 'tokens': [50776, 47833, 1970, 2266, 13, 1779, 13, 467, 2319, 924, 2057, 11, 309, 390, 2710, 11, 291, 2759, 380, 312, 11, 51044], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1998490420254794, 'compression_ratio': 1.4565217391304348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03995562717318535}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 196624, 'start': 1979.84, 'end': 1986.24, 'text': " it would be disadvantaged. And now it's become mainstream. Right. So this does that make sense?", 'tokens': [51044, 309, 576, 312, 46826, 13, 400, 586, 309, 311, 1813, 15960, 13, 1779, 13, 407, 341, 775, 300, 652, 2020, 30, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1998490420254794, 'compression_ratio': 1.4565217391304348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03995562717318535}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 198624, 'start': 1986.8, 'end': 1995.52, 'text': " Yeah. So if we think about, I'm going to hide those again.", 'tokens': [50392, 865, 13, 407, 498, 321, 519, 466, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 6479, 729, 797, 13, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0919313645094968, 'compression_ratio': 1.5871559633027523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011519680730998516}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 198624, 'start': 1999.2, 'end': 2003.04, 'text': " This is the first time I've used this tool, and I'm sort of still figuring out whether this is", 'tokens': [51012, 639, 307, 264, 700, 565, 286, 600, 1143, 341, 2290, 11, 293, 286, 478, 1333, 295, 920, 15213, 484, 1968, 341, 307, 51204], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0919313645094968, 'compression_ratio': 1.5871559633027523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011519680730998516}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 198624, 'start': 2003.04, 'end': 2009.76, 'text': " a good way of doing it. If we look at another one, let's say the minimum wage. This is something", 'tokens': [51204, 257, 665, 636, 295, 884, 309, 13, 759, 321, 574, 412, 1071, 472, 11, 718, 311, 584, 264, 7285, 15444, 13, 639, 307, 746, 51540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0919313645094968, 'compression_ratio': 1.5871559633027523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011519680730998516}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 198624, 'start': 2009.76, 'end': 2014.24, 'text': ' where obviously, the employees themselves care about it, because maybe some of them are getting', 'tokens': [51540, 689, 2745, 11, 264, 6619, 2969, 1127, 466, 309, 11, 570, 1310, 512, 295, 552, 366, 1242, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0919313645094968, 'compression_ratio': 1.5871559633027523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011519680730998516}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 201424, 'start': 2014.24, 'end': 2019.6, 'text': " that minimum wage. There's unions, there's the societal norms, there's regulations and laws about", 'tokens': [50364, 300, 7285, 15444, 13, 821, 311, 24914, 11, 456, 311, 264, 33472, 24357, 11, 456, 311, 12563, 293, 6064, 466, 50632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10757397768790261, 'compression_ratio': 1.793774319066148, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003054386470466852}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 201424, 'start': 2019.6, 'end': 2028.88, 'text': " it. And it's kind of evolving to the right. It's becoming more prevalent. It's becoming", 'tokens': [50632, 309, 13, 400, 309, 311, 733, 295, 21085, 281, 264, 558, 13, 467, 311, 5617, 544, 30652, 13, 467, 311, 5617, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10757397768790261, 'compression_ratio': 1.793774319066148, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003054386470466852}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 201424, 'start': 2028.88, 'end': 2032.64, 'text': ' something that more CEOs are standing up and saying, yeah, there should be a minimum wage,', 'tokens': [51096, 746, 300, 544, 40736, 366, 4877, 493, 293, 1566, 11, 1338, 11, 456, 820, 312, 257, 7285, 15444, 11, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10757397768790261, 'compression_ratio': 1.793774319066148, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003054386470466852}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 201424, 'start': 2032.64, 'end': 2036.88, 'text': " it should be at a higher level, that kind of thing. But it's still in this emerging stage,", 'tokens': [51284, 309, 820, 312, 412, 257, 2946, 1496, 11, 300, 733, 295, 551, 13, 583, 309, 311, 920, 294, 341, 14989, 3233, 11, 51496], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10757397768790261, 'compression_ratio': 1.793774319066148, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003054386470466852}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 201424, 'start': 2036.88, 'end': 2042.08, 'text': " that there isn't universal agreement that this is a good thing, but it's moving from the left", 'tokens': [51496, 300, 456, 1943, 380, 11455, 8106, 300, 341, 307, 257, 665, 551, 11, 457, 309, 311, 2684, 490, 264, 1411, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10757397768790261, 'compression_ratio': 1.793774319066148, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003054386470466852}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 204208, 'start': 2042.08, 'end': 2047.1999999999998, 'text': " to the right in this competing options, meaning that it's moving from a minority position to a", 'tokens': [50364, 281, 264, 558, 294, 341, 15439, 3956, 11, 3620, 300, 309, 311, 2684, 490, 257, 16166, 2535, 281, 257, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0519787867863973, 'compression_ratio': 1.7827715355805243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033502974547445774}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 204208, 'start': 2047.1999999999998, 'end': 2053.68, 'text': " more majority position, I think. And then to put it on the same area, we've got this idea of universal", 'tokens': [50620, 544, 6286, 2535, 11, 286, 519, 13, 400, 550, 281, 829, 309, 322, 264, 912, 1859, 11, 321, 600, 658, 341, 1558, 295, 11455, 50944], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0519787867863973, 'compression_ratio': 1.7827715355805243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033502974547445774}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 204208, 'start': 2053.68, 'end': 2059.6, 'text': " basic income, which is something that I think is still kind of a fringe view. There's maybe a", 'tokens': [50944, 3875, 5742, 11, 597, 307, 746, 300, 286, 519, 307, 920, 733, 295, 257, 38764, 1910, 13, 821, 311, 1310, 257, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0519787867863973, 'compression_ratio': 1.7827715355805243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033502974547445774}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 204208, 'start': 2059.6, 'end': 2063.7599999999998, 'text': " movement around it. There's a few people saying this would be a good idea. And there's a few", 'tokens': [51240, 3963, 926, 309, 13, 821, 311, 257, 1326, 561, 1566, 341, 576, 312, 257, 665, 1558, 13, 400, 456, 311, 257, 1326, 51448], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0519787867863973, 'compression_ratio': 1.7827715355805243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033502974547445774}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 204208, 'start': 2063.7599999999998, 'end': 2069.12, 'text': " countries in the world and a few places where it's being tried. But I'd say that it's still", 'tokens': [51448, 3517, 294, 264, 1002, 293, 257, 1326, 3190, 689, 309, 311, 885, 3031, 13, 583, 286, 1116, 584, 300, 309, 311, 920, 51716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0519787867863973, 'compression_ratio': 1.7827715355805243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033502974547445774}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 206912, 'start': 2069.92, 'end': 2074.3199999999997, 'text': ' off on the left. So one of the interesting things to look at in terms of mapping is,', 'tokens': [50404, 766, 322, 264, 1411, 13, 407, 472, 295, 264, 1880, 721, 281, 574, 412, 294, 2115, 295, 18350, 307, 11, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08471289548006924, 'compression_ratio': 1.641732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020027847960591316}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 206912, 'start': 2075.04, 'end': 2080.96, 'text': ' can you track universal basic income moving to the right? Can you find more people supporting it?', 'tokens': [50660, 393, 291, 2837, 11455, 3875, 5742, 2684, 281, 264, 558, 30, 1664, 291, 915, 544, 561, 7231, 309, 30, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08471289548006924, 'compression_ratio': 1.641732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020027847960591316}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 206912, 'start': 2080.96, 'end': 2085.92, 'text': " Is it something that's going to become mainstream over time? And how does it affect", 'tokens': [50956, 1119, 309, 746, 300, 311, 516, 281, 1813, 15960, 670, 565, 30, 400, 577, 775, 309, 3345, 51204], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08471289548006924, 'compression_ratio': 1.641732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020027847960591316}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 206912, 'start': 2085.92, 'end': 2089.8399999999997, 'text': ' these discussions about minimum wage and what is a living wage and all this kind of stuff?', 'tokens': [51204, 613, 11088, 466, 7285, 15444, 293, 437, 307, 257, 2647, 15444, 293, 439, 341, 733, 295, 1507, 30, 51400], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08471289548006924, 'compression_ratio': 1.641732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020027847960591316}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 206912, 'start': 2090.64, 'end': 2094.16, 'text': ' So does that seem like a reasonable way of looking at this?', 'tokens': [51440, 407, 775, 300, 1643, 411, 257, 10585, 636, 295, 1237, 412, 341, 30, 51616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08471289548006924, 'compression_ratio': 1.641732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020027847960591316}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 209416, 'start': 2094.64, 'end': 2101.12, 'text': " Okay. It does. There's an ongoing stream in the chat, by the way, which is just basically saying", 'tokens': [50388, 1033, 13, 467, 775, 13, 821, 311, 364, 10452, 4309, 294, 264, 5081, 11, 538, 264, 636, 11, 597, 307, 445, 1936, 1566, 50712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17703934126002815, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007482803892344236}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 209416, 'start': 2101.12, 'end': 2108.16, 'text': ' that people are really enjoying the method. A few people saying they will be stealing this', 'tokens': [50712, 300, 561, 366, 534, 9929, 264, 3170, 13, 316, 1326, 561, 1566, 436, 486, 312, 19757, 341, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17703934126002815, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007482803892344236}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 209416, 'start': 2108.16, 'end': 2115.2799999999997, 'text': " methodology of slowly uncommenting the way of sort of sharing. I'm going to share this document because", 'tokens': [51064, 24850, 295, 5692, 8585, 518, 278, 264, 636, 295, 1333, 295, 5414, 13, 286, 478, 516, 281, 2073, 341, 4166, 570, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17703934126002815, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007482803892344236}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 209416, 'start': 2116.24, 'end': 2119.92, 'text': " there's a way to do a clone of all share thing. I'll put that in the chat later.", 'tokens': [51468, 456, 311, 257, 636, 281, 360, 257, 26506, 295, 439, 2073, 551, 13, 286, 603, 829, 300, 294, 264, 5081, 1780, 13, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17703934126002815, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007482803892344236}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 211992, 'start': 2120.88, 'end': 2126.96, 'text': ' Yeah. There was one question which was around the X axis. And I think it was just to do with the', 'tokens': [50412, 865, 13, 821, 390, 472, 1168, 597, 390, 926, 264, 1783, 10298, 13, 400, 286, 519, 309, 390, 445, 281, 360, 365, 264, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17751705235448376, 'compression_ratio': 1.7358490566037736, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02102576568722725}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 211992, 'start': 2126.96, 'end': 2134.4, 'text': " zoom window. So asking was the X axis basically lunatics to laws. And I think what's now visible", 'tokens': [50716, 8863, 4910, 13, 407, 3365, 390, 264, 1783, 10298, 1936, 19039, 30292, 281, 6064, 13, 400, 286, 519, 437, 311, 586, 8974, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17751705235448376, 'compression_ratio': 1.7358490566037736, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02102576568722725}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 211992, 'start': 2134.4, 'end': 2140.7200000000003, 'text': ' is the new crazy ideas to put it under. Yeah. So what I put along the bottom was new ideas,', 'tokens': [51088, 307, 264, 777, 3219, 3487, 281, 829, 309, 833, 13, 865, 13, 407, 437, 286, 829, 2051, 264, 2767, 390, 777, 3487, 11, 51404], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17751705235448376, 'compression_ratio': 1.7358490566037736, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02102576568722725}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 211992, 'start': 2140.7200000000003, 'end': 2144.56, 'text': ' not necessarily crazy, but people generally think of them. If only one person has an idea,', 'tokens': [51404, 406, 4725, 3219, 11, 457, 561, 5101, 519, 295, 552, 13, 759, 787, 472, 954, 575, 364, 1558, 11, 51596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17751705235448376, 'compression_ratio': 1.7358490566037736, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02102576568722725}, {'id': 375, 'seek': 211992, 'start': 2144.56, 'end': 2148.96, 'text': " then it generally gets people think it's a crazy idea. And then building consensus,", 'tokens': [51596, 550, 309, 5101, 2170, 561, 519, 309, 311, 257, 3219, 1558, 13, 400, 550, 2390, 19115, 11, 51816], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17751705235448376, 'compression_ratio': 1.7358490566037736, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02102576568722725}, {'id': 376, 'seek': 214896, 'start': 2149.04, 'end': 2153.84, 'text': ' competing options and broadly accepted. And I was trying, it sort of aligns with the', 'tokens': [50368, 15439, 3956, 293, 19511, 9035, 13, 400, 286, 390, 1382, 11, 309, 1333, 295, 7975, 82, 365, 264, 50608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1549935022989909, 'compression_ratio': 1.5258620689655173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001649330835789442}, {'id': 377, 'seek': 214896, 'start': 2153.84, 'end': 2161.2, 'text': " general evolution axis in some way. Okay. Here's one that's a bit more current,", 'tokens': [50608, 2674, 9303, 10298, 294, 512, 636, 13, 1033, 13, 1692, 311, 472, 300, 311, 257, 857, 544, 2190, 11, 50976], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1549935022989909, 'compression_ratio': 1.5258620689655173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001649330835789442}, {'id': 378, 'seek': 214896, 'start': 2161.2, 'end': 2169.52, 'text': " is sort of racial equality. And how that is evolving. Well, I think there's one question", 'tokens': [50976, 307, 1333, 295, 12131, 14949, 13, 400, 577, 300, 307, 21085, 13, 1042, 11, 286, 519, 456, 311, 472, 1168, 51392], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1549935022989909, 'compression_ratio': 1.5258620689655173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001649330835789442}, {'id': 379, 'seek': 214896, 'start': 2169.52, 'end': 2175.68, 'text': ' from Andy Bennett, which is just about Overtone Windows. So is it possible to visualize the Overtone', 'tokens': [51392, 490, 13285, 40620, 11, 597, 307, 445, 466, 422, 3281, 546, 8591, 13, 407, 307, 309, 1944, 281, 23273, 264, 422, 3281, 546, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1549935022989909, 'compression_ratio': 1.5258620689655173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001649330835789442}, {'id': 380, 'seek': 217568, 'start': 2175.68, 'end': 2180.8799999999997, 'text': ' window on this kind of map? I just want you to answer that. Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking this actually', 'tokens': [50364, 4910, 322, 341, 733, 295, 4471, 30, 286, 445, 528, 291, 281, 1867, 300, 13, 865, 13, 865, 11, 286, 390, 1953, 341, 767, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11729158906855135, 'compression_ratio': 1.646643109540636, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00610774103552103}, {'id': 381, 'seek': 217568, 'start': 2180.8799999999997, 'end': 2186.72, 'text': " does talk. It is the Overtone window is when something moves from being a lunatic idea that's", 'tokens': [50624, 775, 751, 13, 467, 307, 264, 422, 3281, 546, 4910, 307, 562, 746, 6067, 490, 885, 257, 19039, 2399, 1558, 300, 311, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11729158906855135, 'compression_ratio': 1.646643109540636, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00610774103552103}, {'id': 382, 'seek': 217568, 'start': 2186.72, 'end': 2192.0, 'text': ' not safe for discussion in public company or whatever you call it, to something that becomes', 'tokens': [50916, 406, 3273, 337, 5017, 294, 1908, 2237, 420, 2035, 291, 818, 309, 11, 281, 746, 300, 3643, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11729158906855135, 'compression_ratio': 1.646643109540636, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00610774103552103}, {'id': 383, 'seek': 217568, 'start': 2192.0, 'end': 2197.6, 'text': " accepted. And we're seeing this on both sides. In fact, we see it on the right wing will push,", 'tokens': [51180, 9035, 13, 400, 321, 434, 2577, 341, 322, 1293, 4881, 13, 682, 1186, 11, 321, 536, 309, 322, 264, 558, 11162, 486, 2944, 11, 51460], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11729158906855135, 'compression_ratio': 1.646643109540636, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00610774103552103}, {'id': 384, 'seek': 217568, 'start': 2198.3199999999997, 'end': 2203.52, 'text': " will do sort of regressive or conservative, but they'll reintroduce ideas that they", 'tokens': [51496, 486, 360, 1333, 295, 1121, 22733, 420, 13780, 11, 457, 436, 603, 319, 38132, 384, 3487, 300, 436, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11729158906855135, 'compression_ratio': 1.646643109540636, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00610774103552103}, {'id': 385, 'seek': 220352, 'start': 2204.48, 'end': 2208.32, 'text': ' that are, you know, will try and push to the left, push an idea to the left, make', 'tokens': [50412, 300, 366, 11, 291, 458, 11, 486, 853, 293, 2944, 281, 264, 1411, 11, 2944, 364, 1558, 281, 264, 1411, 11, 652, 50604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12229993702036089, 'compression_ratio': 1.848605577689243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015927240019664168}, {'id': 386, 'seek': 220352, 'start': 2209.2, 'end': 2214.32, 'text': ' the idea of racial discrimination more currently popular or more something that can be discussed', 'tokens': [50648, 264, 1558, 295, 12131, 15973, 544, 4362, 3743, 420, 544, 746, 300, 393, 312, 7152, 50904], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12229993702036089, 'compression_ratio': 1.848605577689243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015927240019664168}, {'id': 387, 'seek': 220352, 'start': 2214.32, 'end': 2219.12, 'text': " rather than something that's off the table. So the Overtone window is like what is on the table.", 'tokens': [50904, 2831, 813, 746, 300, 311, 766, 264, 3199, 13, 407, 264, 422, 3281, 546, 4910, 307, 411, 437, 307, 322, 264, 3199, 13, 51144], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12229993702036089, 'compression_ratio': 1.848605577689243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015927240019664168}, {'id': 388, 'seek': 220352, 'start': 2219.12, 'end': 2223.92, 'text': " So we're always adding things to put it on the table is a progressive thing and they're trying", 'tokens': [51144, 407, 321, 434, 1009, 5127, 721, 281, 829, 309, 322, 264, 3199, 307, 257, 16131, 551, 293, 436, 434, 1382, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12229993702036089, 'compression_ratio': 1.848605577689243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015927240019664168}, {'id': 389, 'seek': 220352, 'start': 2223.92, 'end': 2228.96, 'text': " to push back is more of a conservative thing. So there's some kind of sense that this is sort", 'tokens': [51384, 281, 2944, 646, 307, 544, 295, 257, 13780, 551, 13, 407, 456, 311, 512, 733, 295, 2020, 300, 341, 307, 1333, 51636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12229993702036089, 'compression_ratio': 1.848605577689243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0015927240019664168}, {'id': 390, 'seek': 222896, 'start': 2229.04, 'end': 2234.7200000000003, 'text': ' of progressive pushed to the right and conservatives try to block it or push back to the left.', 'tokens': [50368, 295, 16131, 9152, 281, 264, 558, 293, 39607, 853, 281, 3461, 309, 420, 2944, 646, 281, 264, 1411, 13, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13252206643422446, 'compression_ratio': 1.662280701754386, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013182800263166428}, {'id': 391, 'seek': 222896, 'start': 2234.7200000000003, 'end': 2240.4, 'text': ' The Overtone window is the what is, you know, what you can chat up, talk about on TV without', 'tokens': [50652, 440, 422, 3281, 546, 4910, 307, 264, 437, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 437, 291, 393, 5081, 493, 11, 751, 466, 322, 3558, 1553, 50936], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13252206643422446, 'compression_ratio': 1.662280701754386, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013182800263166428}, {'id': 392, 'seek': 222896, 'start': 2240.4, 'end': 2246.16, 'text': ' getting fired, kind of whatever you want to call that thing. I think that the one that I wanted', 'tokens': [50936, 1242, 11777, 11, 733, 295, 2035, 291, 528, 281, 818, 300, 551, 13, 286, 519, 300, 264, 472, 300, 286, 1415, 51224], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13252206643422446, 'compression_ratio': 1.662280701754386, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013182800263166428}, {'id': 393, 'seek': 222896, 'start': 2246.16, 'end': 2252.64, 'text': ' to put up here next was sort of the Black Lives Matter, which was something that was, you know,', 'tokens': [51224, 281, 829, 493, 510, 958, 390, 1333, 295, 264, 4076, 25791, 20285, 11, 597, 390, 746, 300, 390, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13252206643422446, 'compression_ratio': 1.662280701754386, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013182800263166428}, {'id': 394, 'seek': 225264, 'start': 2252.64, 'end': 2259.04, 'text': ' it emerged recently. And what I thought was remarkable was the number of, you know, I was', 'tokens': [50364, 309, 20178, 3938, 13, 400, 437, 286, 1194, 390, 12802, 390, 264, 1230, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 286, 390, 50684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10849710539275524, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232472324723247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03224346414208412}, {'id': 395, 'seek': 225264, 'start': 2259.04, 'end': 2265.12, 'text': ' getting emails from all kinds of companies this year about their COVID response and what they', 'tokens': [50684, 1242, 12524, 490, 439, 3685, 295, 3431, 341, 1064, 466, 641, 4566, 4134, 293, 437, 436, 50988], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10849710539275524, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232472324723247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03224346414208412}, {'id': 396, 'seek': 225264, 'start': 2265.12, 'end': 2268.64, 'text': " thought about Black Lives Matter. All these companies wouldn't even know they had our emails,", 'tokens': [50988, 1194, 466, 4076, 25791, 20285, 13, 1057, 613, 3431, 2759, 380, 754, 458, 436, 632, 527, 12524, 11, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10849710539275524, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232472324723247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03224346414208412}, {'id': 397, 'seek': 225264, 'start': 2268.64, 'end': 2273.2799999999997, 'text': ' right? All these companies that you ever dealt with would felt compelled to send you a message', 'tokens': [51164, 558, 30, 1057, 613, 3431, 300, 291, 1562, 15991, 365, 576, 2762, 40021, 281, 2845, 291, 257, 3636, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10849710539275524, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232472324723247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03224346414208412}, {'id': 398, 'seek': 225264, 'start': 2273.2799999999997, 'end': 2279.52, 'text': ' saying this is what we think about Black Lives Matter and executive statements. Andy Jassy has', 'tokens': [51396, 1566, 341, 307, 437, 321, 519, 466, 4076, 25791, 20285, 293, 10140, 12363, 13, 13285, 508, 20712, 575, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10849710539275524, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232472324723247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03224346414208412}, {'id': 399, 'seek': 227952, 'start': 2279.52, 'end': 2287.2, 'text': " been the public about this and from many other corporate, large corporates. And there's actually", 'tokens': [50364, 668, 264, 1908, 466, 341, 293, 490, 867, 661, 10896, 11, 2416, 6804, 1024, 13, 400, 456, 311, 767, 50748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11702378252719312, 'compression_ratio': 1.6302521008403361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026254776865243912}, {'id': 400, 'seek': 227952, 'start': 2287.2, 'end': 2293.7599999999998, 'text': " stuff going on inside Amazon to, you know, there's real change happening this year as a result of", 'tokens': [50748, 1507, 516, 322, 1854, 6795, 281, 11, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 957, 1319, 2737, 341, 1064, 382, 257, 1874, 295, 51076], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11702378252719312, 'compression_ratio': 1.6302521008403361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026254776865243912}, {'id': 401, 'seek': 227952, 'start': 2293.7599999999998, 'end': 2300.64, 'text': ' this. This is this a new focus on adding diversity. There are new goals around this and a lot more', 'tokens': [51076, 341, 13, 639, 307, 341, 257, 777, 1879, 322, 5127, 8811, 13, 821, 366, 777, 5493, 926, 341, 293, 257, 688, 544, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11702378252719312, 'compression_ratio': 1.6302521008403361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026254776865243912}, {'id': 402, 'seek': 227952, 'start': 2300.64, 'end': 2306.0, 'text': " sort of, it's been like, yes, we support racial equality, but there's been additional focus on", 'tokens': [51420, 1333, 295, 11, 309, 311, 668, 411, 11, 2086, 11, 321, 1406, 12131, 14949, 11, 457, 456, 311, 668, 4497, 1879, 322, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11702378252719312, 'compression_ratio': 1.6302521008403361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026254776865243912}, {'id': 403, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2306.4, 'end': 2312.72, 'text': " it. So I think what's happened this year is that the ideas around racial equality, the morality of", 'tokens': [50384, 309, 13, 407, 286, 519, 437, 311, 2011, 341, 1064, 307, 300, 264, 3487, 926, 12131, 14949, 11, 264, 29106, 295, 50700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.143334504329797, 'compression_ratio': 1.5025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036092603113502264}, {'id': 404, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2312.72, 'end': 2320.4, 'text': " it has moved more mainstream. And organizations that don't have a public position on this are going", 'tokens': [50700, 309, 575, 4259, 544, 15960, 13, 400, 6150, 300, 500, 380, 362, 257, 1908, 2535, 322, 341, 366, 516, 51084], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.143334504329797, 'compression_ratio': 1.5025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036092603113502264}, {'id': 405, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2320.4, 'end': 2327.2, 'text': ' to be starting getting, you know, losing customers and suffering from being excluded from the,', 'tokens': [51084, 281, 312, 2891, 1242, 11, 291, 458, 11, 7027, 4581, 293, 7755, 490, 885, 29486, 490, 264, 11, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.143334504329797, 'compression_ratio': 1.5025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036092603113502264}, {'id': 406, 'seek': 232720, 'start': 2327.9199999999996, 'end': 2333.3599999999997, 'text': " like getting out of that overton window if you're like, that makes sense?", 'tokens': [50400, 411, 1242, 484, 295, 300, 670, 1756, 4910, 498, 291, 434, 411, 11, 300, 1669, 2020, 30, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19410329911766983, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00382879376411438}, {'id': 407, 'seek': 232720, 'start': 2334.8799999999997, 'end': 2342.08, 'text': ' Yeah. So I was just trying to pick a few things that I thought were reasonably', 'tokens': [50748, 865, 13, 407, 286, 390, 445, 1382, 281, 1888, 257, 1326, 721, 300, 286, 1194, 645, 23551, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19410329911766983, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00382879376411438}, {'id': 408, 'seek': 232720, 'start': 2343.04, 'end': 2348.08, 'text': ' that people would resonate with people. The one that I kind of, I really started off with,', 'tokens': [51156, 300, 561, 576, 34285, 365, 561, 13, 440, 472, 300, 286, 733, 295, 11, 286, 534, 1409, 766, 365, 11, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19410329911766983, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00382879376411438}, {'id': 409, 'seek': 232720, 'start': 2348.08, 'end': 2352.3999999999996, 'text': " but I want to end with is sustainability, because this is something I'm personally involved with", 'tokens': [51408, 457, 286, 528, 281, 917, 365, 307, 16360, 11, 570, 341, 307, 746, 286, 478, 5665, 3288, 365, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19410329911766983, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00382879376411438}, {'id': 410, 'seek': 235240, 'start': 2352.4, 'end': 2360.56, 'text': " at the moment. If you think about building sustainable products, there's quite a bit of", 'tokens': [50364, 412, 264, 1623, 13, 759, 291, 519, 466, 2390, 11235, 3383, 11, 456, 311, 1596, 257, 857, 295, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08493133891712536, 'compression_ratio': 1.816, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006134191062301397}, {'id': 411, 'seek': 235240, 'start': 2360.56, 'end': 2364.1600000000003, 'text': " product differentiation you can do. So this product was made in a sustainable way. We're", 'tokens': [50772, 1674, 38902, 291, 393, 360, 13, 407, 341, 1674, 390, 1027, 294, 257, 11235, 636, 13, 492, 434, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08493133891712536, 'compression_ratio': 1.816, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006134191062301397}, {'id': 412, 'seek': 235240, 'start': 2364.1600000000003, 'end': 2369.84, 'text': " seeing that's quite a bit of branding around that. There's people that have not had sustainable", 'tokens': [50952, 2577, 300, 311, 1596, 257, 857, 295, 27279, 926, 300, 13, 821, 311, 561, 300, 362, 406, 632, 11235, 51236], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08493133891712536, 'compression_ratio': 1.816, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006134191062301397}, {'id': 413, 'seek': 235240, 'start': 2369.84, 'end': 2374.0, 'text': ' products in the past, like oil companies that are trying to rehabilitate and, you know,', 'tokens': [51236, 3383, 294, 264, 1791, 11, 411, 3184, 3431, 300, 366, 1382, 281, 26043, 8086, 293, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51444], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08493133891712536, 'compression_ratio': 1.816, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006134191062301397}, {'id': 414, 'seek': 235240, 'start': 2375.2000000000003, 'end': 2378.96, 'text': ' then, you know, you get accused of greenwashing, but they are trying to do that, be better in', 'tokens': [51504, 550, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 483, 17085, 295, 3092, 6569, 571, 11, 457, 436, 366, 1382, 281, 360, 300, 11, 312, 1101, 294, 51692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08493133891712536, 'compression_ratio': 1.816, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006134191062301397}, {'id': 415, 'seek': 237896, 'start': 2378.96, 'end': 2387.04, 'text': " many cases. So there's some issues around that. There's definitely direct losses from sustainability,", 'tokens': [50364, 867, 3331, 13, 407, 456, 311, 512, 2663, 926, 300, 13, 821, 311, 2138, 2047, 15352, 490, 16360, 11, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1103060601771563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6182572614107884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003518712939694524}, {'id': 416, 'seek': 237896, 'start': 2387.04, 'end': 2394.7200000000003, 'text': ' climate change impact is affecting companies directly, as well as, you know, affecting their', 'tokens': [50768, 5659, 1319, 2712, 307, 17476, 3431, 3838, 11, 382, 731, 382, 11, 291, 458, 11, 17476, 641, 51152], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1103060601771563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6182572614107884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003518712939694524}, {'id': 417, 'seek': 237896, 'start': 2394.7200000000003, 'end': 2399.84, 'text': ' sort of reputation, their products. This is an area where the supply chain mandates pretty strong,', 'tokens': [51152, 1333, 295, 13061, 11, 641, 3383, 13, 639, 307, 364, 1859, 689, 264, 5847, 5021, 48662, 1238, 2068, 11, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1103060601771563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6182572614107884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003518712939694524}, {'id': 418, 'seek': 237896, 'start': 2399.84, 'end': 2406.16, 'text': " and we're starting to get some board level mandates. And in fact, it's just starting to evolve a", 'tokens': [51408, 293, 321, 434, 2891, 281, 483, 512, 3150, 1496, 48662, 13, 400, 294, 1186, 11, 309, 311, 445, 2891, 281, 16693, 257, 51724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1103060601771563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6182572614107884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003518712939694524}, {'id': 419, 'seek': 240616, 'start': 2406.16, 'end': 2415.6, 'text': " little bit more. And let's just say, I'm going to add this next. So one of the things that's", 'tokens': [50364, 707, 857, 544, 13, 400, 718, 311, 445, 584, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 909, 341, 958, 13, 407, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 311, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09302885267469618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6517857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001777161261998117}, {'id': 420, 'seek': 240616, 'start': 2415.6, 'end': 2421.8399999999997, 'text': ' happening is this idea of a financial risk assessment. So what is the, if you take an', 'tokens': [50836, 2737, 307, 341, 1558, 295, 257, 4669, 3148, 9687, 13, 407, 437, 307, 264, 11, 498, 291, 747, 364, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09302885267469618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6517857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001777161261998117}, {'id': 421, 'seek': 240616, 'start': 2421.8399999999997, 'end': 2427.3599999999997, 'text': ' organization like a company, a publicly listed company, what is the financial risk to that', 'tokens': [51148, 4475, 411, 257, 2237, 11, 257, 14843, 10052, 2237, 11, 437, 307, 264, 4669, 3148, 281, 300, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09302885267469618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6517857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001777161261998117}, {'id': 422, 'seek': 240616, 'start': 2427.3599999999997, 'end': 2432.56, 'text': ' company based on different climate change scenarios? Like, are they going to lose business? Are they', 'tokens': [51424, 2237, 2361, 322, 819, 5659, 1319, 15077, 30, 1743, 11, 366, 436, 516, 281, 3624, 1606, 30, 2014, 436, 51684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09302885267469618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6517857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001777161261998117}, {'id': 423, 'seek': 243256, 'start': 2432.56, 'end': 2438.16, 'text': ' going to gain business? What is affecting their value? And this is starting to become something', 'tokens': [50364, 516, 281, 6052, 1606, 30, 708, 307, 17476, 641, 2158, 30, 400, 341, 307, 2891, 281, 1813, 746, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08257841596416399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7316176470588236, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001587311620824039}, {'id': 424, 'seek': 243256, 'start': 2438.16, 'end': 2444.08, 'text': ' that is part of the quarterly reporting of financial results. And just starting to see these', 'tokens': [50644, 300, 307, 644, 295, 264, 38633, 10031, 295, 4669, 3542, 13, 400, 445, 2891, 281, 536, 613, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08257841596416399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7316176470588236, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001587311620824039}, {'id': 425, 'seek': 243256, 'start': 2444.08, 'end': 2449.36, 'text': ' carbon footprint reports and things like that coming out from different companies, large companies.', 'tokens': [50940, 5954, 24222, 7122, 293, 721, 411, 300, 1348, 484, 490, 819, 3431, 11, 2416, 3431, 13, 51204], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08257841596416399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7316176470588236, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001587311620824039}, {'id': 426, 'seek': 243256, 'start': 2450.08, 'end': 2455.84, 'text': " So there's a, so this is currently more on a voluntary basis, but New Zealand has just made", 'tokens': [51240, 407, 456, 311, 257, 11, 370, 341, 307, 4362, 544, 322, 257, 28563, 5143, 11, 457, 1873, 13883, 575, 445, 1027, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08257841596416399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7316176470588236, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001587311620824039}, {'id': 427, 'seek': 243256, 'start': 2455.84, 'end': 2461.2, 'text': ' this mandatory. So one of the things is this is likely to start spreading around the world', 'tokens': [51528, 341, 22173, 13, 407, 472, 295, 264, 721, 307, 341, 307, 3700, 281, 722, 15232, 926, 264, 1002, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08257841596416399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7316176470588236, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001587311620824039}, {'id': 428, 'seek': 246120, 'start': 2461.2, 'end': 2468.7999999999997, 'text': " to become a mandatory thing. There's a thing called the Science-Based Targets Initiative.", 'tokens': [50364, 281, 1813, 257, 22173, 551, 13, 821, 311, 257, 551, 1219, 264, 8976, 12, 33, 1937, 10537, 16284, 26166, 13, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11371003749758699, 'compression_ratio': 1.609442060085837, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004503138363361359}, {'id': 429, 'seek': 246120, 'start': 2470.0, 'end': 2477.52, 'text': " And this is a sort of a standardized way of doing that reporting. And most recently, there's the", 'tokens': [50804, 400, 341, 307, 257, 1333, 295, 257, 31677, 636, 295, 884, 300, 10031, 13, 400, 881, 3938, 11, 456, 311, 264, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11371003749758699, 'compression_ratio': 1.609442060085837, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004503138363361359}, {'id': 430, 'seek': 246120, 'start': 2477.52, 'end': 2482.56, 'text': ' Linux Foundation has created something called the Climate Finance Foundation, which sounds a bit', 'tokens': [51180, 18734, 10335, 575, 2942, 746, 1219, 264, 27025, 25765, 10335, 11, 597, 3263, 257, 857, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11371003749758699, 'compression_ratio': 1.609442060085837, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004503138363361359}, {'id': 431, 'seek': 246120, 'start': 2482.56, 'end': 2488.7999999999997, 'text': " weird. Why would climate and finance matter? What this is, it's the people who do portfolio", 'tokens': [51432, 3657, 13, 1545, 576, 5659, 293, 10719, 1871, 30, 708, 341, 307, 11, 309, 311, 264, 561, 567, 360, 12583, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11371003749758699, 'compression_ratio': 1.609442060085837, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004503138363361359}, {'id': 432, 'seek': 248880, 'start': 2488.8, 'end': 2496.5600000000004, 'text': ' valuations trying to understand the climate risks to those portfolios. And this is insurance', 'tokens': [50364, 7332, 763, 1382, 281, 1223, 264, 5659, 10888, 281, 729, 11688, 2717, 13, 400, 341, 307, 7214, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15063208474053277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6885964912280702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003407474374398589}, {'id': 433, 'seek': 248880, 'start': 2496.5600000000004, 'end': 2501.6800000000003, 'text': ' companies. Like, how do you insure and how do you do corporate level insurance when some of the', 'tokens': [50752, 3431, 13, 1743, 11, 577, 360, 291, 1028, 540, 293, 577, 360, 291, 360, 10896, 1496, 7214, 562, 512, 295, 264, 51008], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15063208474053277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6885964912280702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003407474374398589}, {'id': 434, 'seek': 248880, 'start': 2501.6800000000003, 'end': 2507.04, 'text': " buildings are going to be underwater in 10 years, those kinds of things? That's physical risk, but", 'tokens': [51008, 7446, 366, 516, 281, 312, 20967, 294, 1266, 924, 11, 729, 3685, 295, 721, 30, 663, 311, 4001, 3148, 11, 457, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15063208474053277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6885964912280702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003407474374398589}, {'id': 435, 'seek': 248880, 'start': 2507.04, 'end': 2513.36, 'text': " there's also business risk. There's lots of other types of risk or economic risk, all those kinds", 'tokens': [51276, 456, 311, 611, 1606, 3148, 13, 821, 311, 3195, 295, 661, 3467, 295, 3148, 420, 4836, 3148, 11, 439, 729, 3685, 51592], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15063208474053277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6885964912280702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003407474374398589}, {'id': 436, 'seek': 251336, 'start': 2513.36, 'end': 2521.04, 'text': ' of things, if the economy restructures because of climate change. Anyway, so the idea of the LFCF', 'tokens': [50364, 295, 721, 11, 498, 264, 5010, 1472, 44513, 570, 295, 5659, 1319, 13, 5684, 11, 370, 264, 1558, 295, 264, 441, 18671, 37, 50748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09024016610507307, 'compression_ratio': 1.5860655737704918, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011035222560167313}, {'id': 437, 'seek': 251336, 'start': 2521.04, 'end': 2529.36, 'text': ' is that by standardizing and making it easier for companies to report their financial climate risk,', 'tokens': [50748, 307, 300, 538, 3832, 3319, 293, 1455, 309, 3571, 337, 3431, 281, 2275, 641, 4669, 5659, 3148, 11, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09024016610507307, 'compression_ratio': 1.5860655737704918, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011035222560167313}, {'id': 438, 'seek': 251336, 'start': 2529.36, 'end': 2534.08, 'text': ' it will actually cause a business justification for companies to spend more on doing something', 'tokens': [51164, 309, 486, 767, 3082, 257, 1606, 31591, 337, 3431, 281, 3496, 544, 322, 884, 746, 51400], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09024016610507307, 'compression_ratio': 1.5860655737704918, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011035222560167313}, {'id': 439, 'seek': 251336, 'start': 2534.08, 'end': 2542.0, 'text': " about it. Right? So the sort of hope here is that we've basically, we pull sustainability from", 'tokens': [51400, 466, 309, 13, 1779, 30, 407, 264, 1333, 295, 1454, 510, 307, 300, 321, 600, 1936, 11, 321, 2235, 16360, 490, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09024016610507307, 'compression_ratio': 1.5860655737704918, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011035222560167313}, {'id': 440, 'seek': 254200, 'start': 2542.0, 'end': 2547.44, 'text': " something that's kind of a minority position that a few companies are worried about, to something", 'tokens': [50364, 746, 300, 311, 733, 295, 257, 16166, 2535, 300, 257, 1326, 3431, 366, 5804, 466, 11, 281, 746, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14726595002777723, 'compression_ratio': 1.6074380165289257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006460839882493019}, {'id': 441, 'seek': 254200, 'start': 2547.44, 'end': 2553.36, 'text': " that most companies report. And in the case of New Zealand, it's now a law. So we would pull across", 'tokens': [50636, 300, 881, 3431, 2275, 13, 400, 294, 264, 1389, 295, 1873, 13883, 11, 309, 311, 586, 257, 2101, 13, 407, 321, 576, 2235, 2108, 50932], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14726595002777723, 'compression_ratio': 1.6074380165289257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006460839882493019}, {'id': 442, 'seek': 254200, 'start': 2553.36, 'end': 2559.92, 'text': " that line and to be just mandatory. And I think, so this is, that's what I've got is the discussion,", 'tokens': [50932, 300, 1622, 293, 281, 312, 445, 22173, 13, 400, 286, 519, 11, 370, 341, 307, 11, 300, 311, 437, 286, 600, 658, 307, 264, 5017, 11, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14726595002777723, 'compression_ratio': 1.6074380165289257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006460839882493019}, {'id': 443, 'seek': 254200, 'start': 2559.92, 'end': 2567.12, 'text': " but this is the, I'm currently AWS is sort of representative, or one of the people leading", 'tokens': [51260, 457, 341, 307, 264, 11, 286, 478, 4362, 17650, 307, 1333, 295, 12424, 11, 420, 472, 295, 264, 561, 5775, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14726595002777723, 'compression_ratio': 1.6074380165289257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006460839882493019}, {'id': 444, 'seek': 256712, 'start': 2567.12, 'end': 2573.04, 'text': " our work on LFCF. And it just was announced a month or so ago, we're sort of gradually", 'tokens': [50364, 527, 589, 322, 441, 18671, 37, 13, 400, 309, 445, 390, 7548, 257, 1618, 420, 370, 2057, 11, 321, 434, 1333, 295, 13145, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1189694187857888, 'compression_ratio': 1.5347826086956522, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004093448165804148}, {'id': 445, 'seek': 256712, 'start': 2573.04, 'end': 2581.68, 'text': ' putting together basically a data lake that has all of the relevant data in it, and', 'tokens': [50660, 3372, 1214, 1936, 257, 1412, 11001, 300, 575, 439, 295, 264, 7340, 1412, 294, 309, 11, 293, 51092], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1189694187857888, 'compression_ratio': 1.5347826086956522, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004093448165804148}, {'id': 446, 'seek': 256712, 'start': 2581.68, 'end': 2587.8399999999997, 'text': ' that other people can work with. Other people involved in this, Microsoft, Alliance, S&P Global,', 'tokens': [51092, 300, 661, 561, 393, 589, 365, 13, 5358, 561, 3288, 294, 341, 11, 8116, 11, 21859, 11, 318, 5, 47, 14465, 11, 51400], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1189694187857888, 'compression_ratio': 1.5347826086956522, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004093448165804148}, {'id': 447, 'seek': 256712, 'start': 2589.12, 'end': 2594.56, 'text': ' and a few other smaller companies that do climate risk modeling and things like that.', 'tokens': [51464, 293, 257, 1326, 661, 4356, 3431, 300, 360, 5659, 3148, 15983, 293, 721, 411, 300, 13, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1189694187857888, 'compression_ratio': 1.5347826086956522, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004093448165804148}, {'id': 448, 'seek': 259456, 'start': 2594.56, 'end': 2600.08, 'text': " So anyway, that was, that was what I had. Happy to throw that open to questions. I'll go look at the", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 4033, 11, 300, 390, 11, 300, 390, 437, 286, 632, 13, 8277, 281, 3507, 300, 1269, 281, 1651, 13, 286, 603, 352, 574, 412, 264, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18020404468883167, 'compression_ratio': 1.563265306122449, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014359476044774055}, {'id': 449, 'seek': 259456, 'start': 2600.72, 'end': 2602.72, 'text': ' discussion panel.', 'tokens': [50672, 5017, 4831, 13, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18020404468883167, 'compression_ratio': 1.563265306122449, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014359476044774055}, {'id': 450, 'seek': 259456, 'start': 2604.08, 'end': 2610.48, 'text': ' I bring your attention to one of them in the beginning, Rob Tully. From a mapping beginner,', 'tokens': [50840, 286, 1565, 428, 3202, 281, 472, 295, 552, 294, 264, 2863, 11, 5424, 314, 2150, 13, 3358, 257, 18350, 22080, 11, 51160], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18020404468883167, 'compression_ratio': 1.563265306122449, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014359476044774055}, {'id': 451, 'seek': 259456, 'start': 2610.48, 'end': 2616.0, 'text': ' why the, why the top concepts so far over to the left? Why would your class of public', 'tokens': [51160, 983, 264, 11, 983, 264, 1192, 10392, 370, 1400, 670, 281, 264, 1411, 30, 1545, 576, 428, 1508, 295, 1908, 51436], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18020404468883167, 'compression_ratio': 1.563265306122449, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014359476044774055}, {'id': 452, 'seek': 259456, 'start': 2616.0, 'end': 2622.16, 'text': ' corporate position as fringes or executive statements close to lunatic? Did those bits', 'tokens': [51436, 10896, 2535, 382, 431, 278, 279, 420, 10140, 12363, 1998, 281, 19039, 2399, 30, 2589, 729, 9239, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18020404468883167, 'compression_ratio': 1.563265306122449, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014359476044774055}, {'id': 453, 'seek': 262216, 'start': 2622.16, 'end': 2629.7599999999998, 'text': " evolve too? Yeah, it was more that they're, they're new, they're created, they're novel, right?", 'tokens': [50364, 16693, 886, 30, 865, 11, 309, 390, 544, 300, 436, 434, 11, 436, 434, 777, 11, 436, 434, 2942, 11, 436, 434, 7613, 11, 558, 30, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16715807127721102, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233766233766234, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003576385322958231}, {'id': 454, 'seek': 262216, 'start': 2630.56, 'end': 2638.24, 'text': " So the, when like say, about a year ago, Jeff Bezos got up and said, publicly, we're going to", 'tokens': [50784, 407, 264, 11, 562, 411, 584, 11, 466, 257, 1064, 2057, 11, 7506, 879, 27681, 658, 493, 293, 848, 11, 14843, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16715807127721102, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233766233766234, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003576385322958231}, {'id': 455, 'seek': 262216, 'start': 2638.24, 'end': 2646.16, 'text': " have this climate pledge. We're going to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early, and we're going to", 'tokens': [51168, 362, 341, 5659, 26819, 13, 492, 434, 516, 281, 1677, 264, 8380, 40572, 1266, 924, 2440, 11, 293, 321, 434, 516, 281, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16715807127721102, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233766233766234, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003576385322958231}, {'id': 456, 'seek': 262216, 'start': 2646.96, 'end': 2651.8399999999997, 'text': ' move Amazon from being middle of the pack to a leading position, right? So that is a', 'tokens': [51604, 1286, 6795, 490, 885, 2808, 295, 264, 2844, 281, 257, 5775, 2535, 11, 558, 30, 407, 300, 307, 257, 51848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16715807127721102, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233766233766234, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003576385322958231}, {'id': 457, 'seek': 265184, 'start': 2651.84, 'end': 2657.2000000000003, 'text': ' corporate statement, which was a novel thing for the company. So I put it right out of there.', 'tokens': [50364, 10896, 5629, 11, 597, 390, 257, 7613, 551, 337, 264, 2237, 13, 407, 286, 829, 309, 558, 484, 295, 456, 13, 50632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15611282471687563, 'compression_ratio': 1.831578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00036161081516183913}, {'id': 458, 'seek': 265184, 'start': 2657.2000000000003, 'end': 2662.1600000000003, 'text': " It was a new thing, and it basically dragged the company over and pulled it across. So that's the sort of", 'tokens': [50632, 467, 390, 257, 777, 551, 11, 293, 309, 1936, 25717, 264, 2237, 670, 293, 7373, 309, 2108, 13, 407, 300, 311, 264, 1333, 295, 50880], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15611282471687563, 'compression_ratio': 1.831578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00036161081516183913}, {'id': 459, 'seek': 265184, 'start': 2662.1600000000003, 'end': 2667.76, 'text': " What's interesting is what pre predecessors were to it, right? Like the article that I showed, like on my second", 'tokens': [50880, 708, 311, 1880, 307, 437, 659, 24874, 45700, 645, 281, 309, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 264, 7222, 300, 286, 4712, 11, 411, 322, 452, 1150, 51160], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15611282471687563, 'compression_ratio': 1.831578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00036161081516183913}, {'id': 460, 'seek': 265184, 'start': 2667.76, 'end': 2672.32, 'text': ' to last slide, right? Like that was Amazon employees pledging to go on climate strike, right? And I think', 'tokens': [51160, 281, 1036, 4137, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 300, 390, 6795, 6619, 34263, 3249, 281, 352, 322, 5659, 9302, 11, 558, 30, 400, 286, 519, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15611282471687563, 'compression_ratio': 1.831578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00036161081516183913}, {'id': 461, 'seek': 265184, 'start': 2672.32, 'end': 2678.2400000000002, 'text': " that that's super interesting that Amazon like put out the climate pledge only like after the employees", 'tokens': [51388, 300, 300, 311, 1687, 1880, 300, 6795, 411, 829, 484, 264, 5659, 26819, 787, 411, 934, 264, 6619, 51684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15611282471687563, 'compression_ratio': 1.831578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00036161081516183913}, {'id': 462, 'seek': 267824, 'start': 2678.24, 'end': 2682.3199999999997, 'text': ' like had agitated for a while, right? Like so is this thing where you needed both kind of some', 'tokens': [50364, 411, 632, 623, 18266, 337, 257, 1339, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 370, 307, 341, 551, 689, 291, 2978, 1293, 733, 295, 512, 50568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14954449103130557, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023466157726943493}, {'id': 463, 'seek': 267824, 'start': 2682.3199999999997, 'end': 2686.56, 'text': ' amount of leadership will to do it, or at least to be goaded into doing it, or they wanted like the', 'tokens': [50568, 2372, 295, 5848, 486, 281, 360, 309, 11, 420, 412, 1935, 281, 312, 352, 12777, 666, 884, 309, 11, 420, 436, 1415, 411, 264, 50780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14954449103130557, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023466157726943493}, {'id': 464, 'seek': 267824, 'start': 2686.56, 'end': 2692.16, 'text': ' cover with their investors to do it. And then that combination led the company to be dragged in that', 'tokens': [50780, 2060, 365, 641, 11519, 281, 360, 309, 13, 400, 550, 300, 6562, 4684, 264, 2237, 281, 312, 25717, 294, 300, 51060], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14954449103130557, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023466157726943493}, {'id': 465, 'seek': 267824, 'start': 2692.16, 'end': 2697.04, 'text': " direction, right? So it's not just executive. I think it supported it. I think the planning for this was", 'tokens': [51060, 3513, 11, 558, 30, 407, 309, 311, 406, 445, 10140, 13, 286, 519, 309, 8104, 309, 13, 286, 519, 264, 5038, 337, 341, 390, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14954449103130557, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023466157726943493}, {'id': 466, 'seek': 267824, 'start': 2697.04, 'end': 2704.56, 'text': ' way pre predated the employee activism, maybe the timing of when it was announced was driven by that,', 'tokens': [51304, 636, 659, 3852, 770, 264, 10738, 29040, 11, 1310, 264, 10822, 295, 562, 309, 390, 7548, 390, 9555, 538, 300, 11, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14954449103130557, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023466157726943493}, {'id': 467, 'seek': 270456, 'start': 2704.56, 'end': 2712.16, 'text': " to some extent. But Kara Hurst was hired as VP of sustainability six years ago. So there's a", 'tokens': [50364, 281, 512, 8396, 13, 583, 34838, 8598, 372, 390, 13144, 382, 35812, 295, 16360, 2309, 924, 2057, 13, 407, 456, 311, 257, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16986494385794307, 'compression_ratio': 1.668122270742358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004992464557290077}, {'id': 468, 'seek': 270456, 'start': 2712.16, 'end': 2719.04, 'text': ' long history of things developing. And then the question is when how do you position that? So', 'tokens': [50744, 938, 2503, 295, 721, 6416, 13, 400, 550, 264, 1168, 307, 562, 577, 360, 291, 2535, 300, 30, 407, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16986494385794307, 'compression_ratio': 1.668122270742358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004992464557290077}, {'id': 469, 'seek': 270456, 'start': 2719.04, 'end': 2724.96, 'text': " yes, so there's this internal external marketing positioning and executive leadership on these", 'tokens': [51088, 2086, 11, 370, 456, 311, 341, 6920, 8320, 6370, 26381, 293, 10140, 5848, 322, 613, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16986494385794307, 'compression_ratio': 1.668122270742358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004992464557290077}, {'id': 470, 'seek': 270456, 'start': 2724.96, 'end': 2731.68, 'text': ' issues. And some of it is driven internally and some of it is driven by sort of by sort of trying to', 'tokens': [51384, 2663, 13, 400, 512, 295, 309, 307, 9555, 19501, 293, 512, 295, 309, 307, 9555, 538, 1333, 295, 538, 1333, 295, 1382, 281, 51720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16986494385794307, 'compression_ratio': 1.668122270742358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004992464557290077}, {'id': 471, 'seek': 273168, 'start': 2731.7599999999998, 'end': 2738.8799999999997, 'text': " manage a public situation. So you see that across the space. But yeah, there's, it's definitely,", 'tokens': [50368, 3067, 257, 1908, 2590, 13, 407, 291, 536, 300, 2108, 264, 1901, 13, 583, 1338, 11, 456, 311, 11, 309, 311, 2138, 11, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3502521514892578, 'compression_ratio': 1.553191489361702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004196914378553629}, {'id': 472, 'seek': 273168, 'start': 2738.8799999999997, 'end': 2742.7999999999997, 'text': " it's an interesting area. So I'm going to have a look at what we have.", 'tokens': [50724, 309, 311, 364, 1880, 1859, 13, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 362, 257, 574, 412, 437, 321, 362, 13, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3502521514892578, 'compression_ratio': 1.553191489361702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004196914378553629}, {'id': 473, 'seek': 273168, 'start': 2742.7999999999997, 'end': 2749.68, 'text': " So Liz's question, though, how would you, that's the best way to ask this. How would you quantify", 'tokens': [50920, 407, 16480, 311, 1168, 11, 1673, 11, 577, 576, 291, 11, 300, 311, 264, 1151, 636, 281, 1029, 341, 13, 1012, 576, 291, 40421, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3502521514892578, 'compression_ratio': 1.553191489361702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004196914378553629}, {'id': 474, 'seek': 273168, 'start': 2749.68, 'end': 2756.08, 'text': ' the impact of the internal employee action on the overall decision? So did it accelerate it? Did it', 'tokens': [51264, 264, 2712, 295, 264, 6920, 10738, 3069, 322, 264, 4787, 3537, 30, 407, 630, 309, 21341, 309, 30, 2589, 309, 51584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3502521514892578, 'compression_ratio': 1.553191489361702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004196914378553629}, {'id': 475, 'seek': 275608, 'start': 2757.04, 'end': 2761.2799999999997, 'text': ' increase the overall magnitude of the impact? I have no effect at all.', 'tokens': [50412, 3488, 264, 4787, 15668, 295, 264, 2712, 30, 286, 362, 572, 1802, 412, 439, 13, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10929203884942192, 'compression_ratio': 1.7595419847328244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012717028148472309}, {'id': 476, 'seek': 275608, 'start': 2761.2799999999997, 'end': 2766.56, 'text': " I don't think it had as much impact as they thought. I think it was already in plan. It may have", 'tokens': [50624, 286, 500, 380, 519, 309, 632, 382, 709, 2712, 382, 436, 1194, 13, 286, 519, 309, 390, 1217, 294, 1393, 13, 467, 815, 362, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10929203884942192, 'compression_ratio': 1.7595419847328244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012717028148472309}, {'id': 477, 'seek': 275608, 'start': 2766.56, 'end': 2773.68, 'text': ' affected the timing of when it was done, but it was done around a, another public event. I forget', 'tokens': [50888, 8028, 264, 10822, 295, 562, 309, 390, 1096, 11, 457, 309, 390, 1096, 926, 257, 11, 1071, 1908, 2280, 13, 286, 2870, 51244], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10929203884942192, 'compression_ratio': 1.7595419847328244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012717028148472309}, {'id': 478, 'seek': 275608, 'start': 2773.68, 'end': 2780.72, 'text': " exactly what it was, but this is also because when you're looking from the outside, you see the public", 'tokens': [51244, 2293, 437, 309, 390, 11, 457, 341, 307, 611, 570, 562, 291, 434, 1237, 490, 264, 2380, 11, 291, 536, 264, 1908, 51596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10929203884942192, 'compression_ratio': 1.7595419847328244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012717028148472309}, {'id': 479, 'seek': 275608, 'start': 2780.72, 'end': 2785.6, 'text': " position changing. You don't see that internal position. So the internal position is usually", 'tokens': [51596, 2535, 4473, 13, 509, 500, 380, 536, 300, 6920, 2535, 13, 407, 264, 6920, 2535, 307, 2673, 51840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10929203884942192, 'compression_ratio': 1.7595419847328244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012717028148472309}, {'id': 480, 'seek': 278560, 'start': 2785.6, 'end': 2792.64, 'text': " ahead of the public position. Right. So there's a lot more going on, for example, in sustainability", 'tokens': [50364, 2286, 295, 264, 1908, 2535, 13, 1779, 13, 407, 456, 311, 257, 688, 544, 516, 322, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 294, 16360, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10307017310720976, 'compression_ratio': 1.7067137809187278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016091074794530869}, {'id': 481, 'seek': 278560, 'start': 2792.64, 'end': 2798.24, 'text': ' that, than is being talked about right now in a lot of companies. And as things mature and get', 'tokens': [50716, 300, 11, 813, 307, 885, 2825, 466, 558, 586, 294, 257, 688, 295, 3431, 13, 400, 382, 721, 14442, 293, 483, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10307017310720976, 'compression_ratio': 1.7067137809187278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016091074794530869}, {'id': 482, 'seek': 278560, 'start': 2798.24, 'end': 2803.92, 'text': " sorted out, they get, okay, now we're ready to talk about it. And it gets put up there publicly.", 'tokens': [50996, 25462, 484, 11, 436, 483, 11, 1392, 11, 586, 321, 434, 1919, 281, 751, 466, 309, 13, 400, 309, 2170, 829, 493, 456, 14843, 13, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10307017310720976, 'compression_ratio': 1.7067137809187278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016091074794530869}, {'id': 483, 'seek': 278560, 'start': 2803.92, 'end': 2808.3199999999997, 'text': " And if you're agitating from the outside for something to happen, then it can look like what", 'tokens': [51280, 400, 498, 291, 434, 623, 16350, 490, 264, 2380, 337, 746, 281, 1051, 11, 550, 309, 393, 574, 411, 437, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10307017310720976, 'compression_ratio': 1.7067137809187278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016091074794530869}, {'id': 484, 'seek': 278560, 'start': 2808.3199999999997, 'end': 2813.8399999999997, 'text': " happened in response to you, but you know, you're certainly helping the justify it, but you're not", 'tokens': [51500, 2011, 294, 4134, 281, 291, 11, 457, 291, 458, 11, 291, 434, 3297, 4315, 264, 20833, 309, 11, 457, 291, 434, 406, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10307017310720976, 'compression_ratio': 1.7067137809187278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016091074794530869}, {'id': 485, 'seek': 281384, 'start': 2813.84, 'end': 2819.76, 'text': " necessarily causing it. I think that's probably the, the, how I, how I put that from sort of seeing", 'tokens': [50364, 4725, 9853, 309, 13, 286, 519, 300, 311, 1391, 264, 11, 264, 11, 577, 286, 11, 577, 286, 829, 300, 490, 1333, 295, 2577, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17365576631279403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6367713004484306, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037619643844664097}, {'id': 486, 'seek': 281384, 'start': 2819.76, 'end': 2826.96, 'text': " it from inside and outside. So we've got questions ranging from the overturn window,", 'tokens': [50660, 309, 490, 1854, 293, 2380, 13, 407, 321, 600, 658, 1651, 25532, 490, 264, 42865, 4910, 11, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17365576631279403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6367713004484306, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037619643844664097}, {'id': 487, 'seek': 281384, 'start': 2827.92, 'end': 2832.88, 'text': ' just the general relevance of that, and a few sort of specific mapping related', 'tokens': [51068, 445, 264, 2674, 32684, 295, 300, 11, 293, 257, 1326, 1333, 295, 2685, 18350, 4077, 51316], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17365576631279403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6367713004484306, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037619643844664097}, {'id': 488, 'seek': 281384, 'start': 2833.76, 'end': 2839.52, 'text': " questions. Also, I did say that, I don't know, that's, that's more towards the end after with Adandy.", 'tokens': [51360, 1651, 13, 2743, 11, 286, 630, 584, 300, 11, 286, 500, 380, 458, 11, 300, 311, 11, 300, 311, 544, 3030, 264, 917, 934, 365, 1999, 11425, 13, 51648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17365576631279403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6367713004484306, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037619643844664097}, {'id': 489, 'seek': 284384, 'start': 2844.32, 'end': 2849.84, 'text': " Yeah, there's a point here that Black Lives Matter is moving to the right much faster. Yeah, I mean,", 'tokens': [50388, 865, 11, 456, 311, 257, 935, 510, 300, 4076, 25791, 20285, 307, 2684, 281, 264, 558, 709, 4663, 13, 865, 11, 286, 914, 11, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17307361803556742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5826446280991735, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002065481850877404}, {'id': 490, 'seek': 284384, 'start': 2849.84, 'end': 2857.36, 'text': " that is a social movement that's came up much more recently and was really captured the", 'tokens': [50664, 300, 307, 257, 2093, 3963, 300, 311, 1361, 493, 709, 544, 3938, 293, 390, 534, 11828, 264, 51040], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17307361803556742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5826446280991735, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002065481850877404}, {'id': 491, 'seek': 284384, 'start': 2859.04, 'end': 2867.44, 'text': " sort of the public, the public discussion. Right. So I'd say, of sustainability has been a long", 'tokens': [51124, 1333, 295, 264, 1908, 11, 264, 1908, 5017, 13, 1779, 13, 407, 286, 1116, 584, 11, 295, 16360, 575, 668, 257, 938, 51544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17307361803556742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5826446280991735, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002065481850877404}, {'id': 492, 'seek': 284384, 'start': 2867.44, 'end': 2872.1600000000003, 'text': " running thing, and there's been an entrenched battle over it for the last decade or two, where the", 'tokens': [51544, 2614, 551, 11, 293, 456, 311, 668, 364, 948, 42388, 4635, 670, 309, 337, 264, 1036, 10378, 420, 732, 11, 689, 264, 51780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17307361803556742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5826446280991735, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002065481850877404}, {'id': 493, 'seek': 287216, 'start': 2872.16, 'end': 2878.08, 'text': ' lot of misinformation and, you know, oil companies and people like vested interests trying to block it.', 'tokens': [50364, 688, 295, 34238, 293, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3184, 3431, 293, 561, 411, 49317, 8847, 1382, 281, 3461, 309, 13, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12610646712878518, 'compression_ratio': 1.7801418439716312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005695614498108625}, {'id': 494, 'seek': 287216, 'start': 2878.08, 'end': 2884.7999999999997, 'text': ' And I think that some of the more recent things that spread more virally in the public consciousness,', 'tokens': [50660, 400, 286, 519, 300, 512, 295, 264, 544, 5162, 721, 300, 3974, 544, 4107, 379, 294, 264, 1908, 10081, 11, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12610646712878518, 'compression_ratio': 1.7801418439716312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005695614498108625}, {'id': 495, 'seek': 287216, 'start': 2884.7999999999997, 'end': 2888.72, 'text': " like they, you'll get, they're just going to come up, right? And there'll be, there will be more", 'tokens': [50996, 411, 436, 11, 291, 603, 483, 11, 436, 434, 445, 516, 281, 808, 493, 11, 558, 30, 400, 456, 603, 312, 11, 456, 486, 312, 544, 51192], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12610646712878518, 'compression_ratio': 1.7801418439716312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005695614498108625}, {'id': 496, 'seek': 287216, 'start': 2888.72, 'end': 2894.3999999999996, 'text': " things that come up. And then so the question then is, if you're an organization trying to figure out", 'tokens': [51192, 721, 300, 808, 493, 13, 400, 550, 370, 264, 1168, 550, 307, 11, 498, 291, 434, 364, 4475, 1382, 281, 2573, 484, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12610646712878518, 'compression_ratio': 1.7801418439716312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005695614498108625}, {'id': 497, 'seek': 287216, 'start': 2894.3999999999996, 'end': 2899.44, 'text': " how to map these things, maybe you're looking, you could map the things which may be emerging and", 'tokens': [51476, 577, 281, 4471, 613, 721, 11, 1310, 291, 434, 1237, 11, 291, 727, 4471, 264, 721, 597, 815, 312, 14989, 293, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12610646712878518, 'compression_ratio': 1.7801418439716312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005695614498108625}, {'id': 498, 'seek': 289944, 'start': 2899.52, 'end': 2904.56, 'text': ' say, what would we do if this issue became a hot topic or this issue became a hot topic?', 'tokens': [50368, 584, 11, 437, 576, 321, 360, 498, 341, 2734, 3062, 257, 2368, 4829, 420, 341, 2734, 3062, 257, 2368, 4829, 30, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14640433101330774, 'compression_ratio': 1.8307692307692307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019102961523458362}, {'id': 499, 'seek': 289944, 'start': 2904.56, 'end': 2911.44, 'text': ' Or have we figured out what our strategic response to that would be? And do it sort of a forward', 'tokens': [50620, 1610, 362, 321, 8932, 484, 437, 527, 10924, 4134, 281, 300, 576, 312, 30, 400, 360, 309, 1333, 295, 257, 2128, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14640433101330774, 'compression_ratio': 1.8307692307692307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019102961523458362}, {'id': 500, 'seek': 289944, 'start': 2911.44, 'end': 2918.64, 'text': ' looking scenario planning exercise, right? And then, because one of the things that is for predicting', 'tokens': [50964, 1237, 9005, 5038, 5380, 11, 558, 30, 400, 550, 11, 570, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 307, 337, 32884, 51324], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14640433101330774, 'compression_ratio': 1.8307692307692307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019102961523458362}, {'id': 501, 'seek': 289944, 'start': 2918.64, 'end': 2922.64, 'text': " the future, there's this sort of Heisenberg effect, which you can predict what will happen,", 'tokens': [51324, 264, 2027, 11, 456, 311, 341, 1333, 295, 634, 11106, 6873, 1802, 11, 597, 291, 393, 6069, 437, 486, 1051, 11, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14640433101330774, 'compression_ratio': 1.8307692307692307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019102961523458362}, {'id': 502, 'seek': 289944, 'start': 2922.64, 'end': 2927.04, 'text': " or you can predict when it will happen, but you can't predict both. Right. So there's a bunch of", 'tokens': [51524, 420, 291, 393, 6069, 562, 309, 486, 1051, 11, 457, 291, 393, 380, 6069, 1293, 13, 1779, 13, 407, 456, 311, 257, 3840, 295, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14640433101330774, 'compression_ratio': 1.8307692307692307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019102961523458362}, {'id': 503, 'seek': 292704, 'start': 2927.04, 'end': 2931.12, 'text': " things that I've been waiting for. This is going to happen one day, but I can't say when, it's maybe", 'tokens': [50364, 721, 300, 286, 600, 668, 3806, 337, 13, 639, 307, 516, 281, 1051, 472, 786, 11, 457, 286, 393, 380, 584, 562, 11, 309, 311, 1310, 50568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1676534784251246, 'compression_ratio': 1.7279411764705883, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0057931444607675076}, {'id': 504, 'seek': 292704, 'start': 2931.12, 'end': 2937.12, 'text': ' this year, maybe next year, maybe years out. Right. Because then you should show as well,', 'tokens': [50568, 341, 1064, 11, 1310, 958, 1064, 11, 1310, 924, 484, 13, 1779, 13, 1436, 550, 291, 820, 855, 382, 731, 11, 50868], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1676534784251246, 'compression_ratio': 1.7279411764705883, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0057931444607675076}, {'id': 505, 'seek': 292704, 'start': 2937.12, 'end': 2942.24, 'text': ' where does the Black Lives, when does the activities of the Black Lives Matter movement stop,', 'tokens': [50868, 689, 775, 264, 4076, 25791, 11, 562, 775, 264, 5354, 295, 264, 4076, 25791, 20285, 3963, 1590, 11, 51124], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1676534784251246, 'compression_ratio': 1.7279411764705883, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0057931444607675076}, {'id': 506, 'seek': 292704, 'start': 2942.24, 'end': 2947.68, 'text': ' and the activities of the civil rights movement that goes on, goes much further back and, and', 'tokens': [51124, 293, 264, 5354, 295, 264, 5605, 4601, 3963, 300, 1709, 322, 11, 1709, 709, 3052, 646, 293, 11, 293, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1676534784251246, 'compression_ratio': 1.7279411764705883, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0057931444607675076}, {'id': 507, 'seek': 292704, 'start': 2948.48, 'end': 2954.56, 'text': ' where do they overlap? To me, the interesting thing is just the, was it specific incidents?', 'tokens': [51436, 689, 360, 436, 19959, 30, 1407, 385, 11, 264, 1880, 551, 307, 445, 264, 11, 390, 309, 2685, 21139, 30, 51740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1676534784251246, 'compression_ratio': 1.7279411764705883, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0057931444607675076}, {'id': 508, 'seek': 295456, 'start': 2955.36, 'end': 2961.2799999999997, 'text': ' Was it the domain? So if we look at the political scenario that we find, who the US President is,', 'tokens': [50404, 3027, 309, 264, 9274, 30, 407, 498, 321, 574, 412, 264, 3905, 9005, 300, 321, 915, 11, 567, 264, 2546, 3117, 307, 11, 50700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14639507640491833, 'compression_ratio': 1.6019736842105263, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001656283624470234}, {'id': 509, 'seek': 295456, 'start': 2961.2799999999997, 'end': 2966.48, 'text': ' certain messaging around that, how much did that influence the success of the Black Lives Matter', 'tokens': [50700, 1629, 21812, 926, 300, 11, 577, 709, 630, 300, 6503, 264, 2245, 295, 264, 4076, 25791, 20285, 50960], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14639507640491833, 'compression_ratio': 1.6019736842105263, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001656283624470234}, {'id': 510, 'seek': 295456, 'start': 2966.48, 'end': 2970.56, 'text': " movement you get into? And really, it's, you've got to map it at this point. The only way to really", 'tokens': [50960, 3963, 291, 483, 666, 30, 400, 534, 11, 309, 311, 11, 291, 600, 658, 281, 4471, 309, 412, 341, 935, 13, 440, 787, 636, 281, 534, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14639507640491833, 'compression_ratio': 1.6019736842105263, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001656283624470234}, {'id': 511, 'seek': 295456, 'start': 2970.56, 'end': 2977.12, 'text': " understand it is to map it. Yeah. I think there's definitely a lot of current environment will,", 'tokens': [51164, 1223, 309, 307, 281, 4471, 309, 13, 865, 13, 286, 519, 456, 311, 2138, 257, 688, 295, 2190, 2823, 486, 11, 51492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14639507640491833, 'compression_ratio': 1.6019736842105263, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001656283624470234}, {'id': 512, 'seek': 295456, 'start': 2977.12, 'end': 2982.96, 'text': ' will drive that. But the point, I think, is that the overall racial equality, which was already,', 'tokens': [51492, 486, 3332, 300, 13, 583, 264, 935, 11, 286, 519, 11, 307, 300, 264, 4787, 12131, 14949, 11, 597, 390, 1217, 11, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14639507640491833, 'compression_ratio': 1.6019736842105263, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001656283624470234}, {'id': 513, 'seek': 298296, 'start': 2982.96, 'end': 2988.32, 'text': ' you know, reasonably well institutionalized, but was maybe there was some lip service to it in', 'tokens': [50364, 291, 458, 11, 23551, 731, 18391, 1602, 11, 457, 390, 1310, 456, 390, 512, 8280, 2643, 281, 309, 294, 50632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07449433008829752, 'compression_ratio': 1.610878661087866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024113960098475218}, {'id': 514, 'seek': 298296, 'start': 2988.32, 'end': 2997.84, 'text': " some cases, that what I'm seeing is organizations beefing up their internal racial equality goals,", 'tokens': [50632, 512, 3331, 11, 300, 437, 286, 478, 2577, 307, 6150, 9256, 278, 493, 641, 6920, 12131, 14949, 5493, 11, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07449433008829752, 'compression_ratio': 1.610878661087866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024113960098475218}, {'id': 515, 'seek': 298296, 'start': 2997.84, 'end': 3005.12, 'text': ' metrics, you know, and hiring policies, promotion policies, just saying, okay, we need to be much', 'tokens': [51108, 16367, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 15335, 7657, 11, 15783, 7657, 11, 445, 1566, 11, 1392, 11, 321, 643, 281, 312, 709, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07449433008829752, 'compression_ratio': 1.610878661087866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024113960098475218}, {'id': 516, 'seek': 298296, 'start': 3005.12, 'end': 3010.88, 'text': ' stronger in this area. And I think that that is part of the sort of corporate response to the', 'tokens': [51472, 7249, 294, 341, 1859, 13, 400, 286, 519, 300, 300, 307, 644, 295, 264, 1333, 295, 10896, 4134, 281, 264, 51760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07449433008829752, 'compression_ratio': 1.610878661087866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024113960098475218}, {'id': 517, 'seek': 301088, 'start': 3010.88, 'end': 3016.56, 'text': " social situation. So I think that's actually, hopefully that was, people got that. That's what", 'tokens': [50364, 2093, 2590, 13, 407, 286, 519, 300, 311, 767, 11, 4696, 300, 390, 11, 561, 658, 300, 13, 663, 311, 437, 50648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1360131125164847, 'compression_ratio': 1.7769516728624535, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006465910002589226}, {'id': 518, 'seek': 301088, 'start': 3016.56, 'end': 3021.52, 'text': " I was talking about. Yeah, it's good. I think that one of the challenges around that is to what", 'tokens': [50648, 286, 390, 1417, 466, 13, 865, 11, 309, 311, 665, 13, 286, 519, 300, 472, 295, 264, 4759, 926, 300, 307, 281, 437, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1360131125164847, 'compression_ratio': 1.7769516728624535, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006465910002589226}, {'id': 519, 'seek': 301088, 'start': 3021.52, 'end': 3026.4, 'text': ' extent our corporations, you know, wanting to appear to do the right thing versus do the right', 'tokens': [50896, 8396, 527, 17676, 11, 291, 458, 11, 7935, 281, 4204, 281, 360, 264, 558, 551, 5717, 360, 264, 558, 51140], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1360131125164847, 'compression_ratio': 1.7769516728624535, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006465910002589226}, {'id': 520, 'seek': 301088, 'start': 3026.4, 'end': 3032.56, 'text': ' thing, right? Like where they may be trying to appease, you know, appease people who are mad at', 'tokens': [51140, 551, 11, 558, 30, 1743, 689, 436, 815, 312, 1382, 281, 2363, 651, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2363, 651, 561, 567, 366, 5244, 412, 51448], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1360131125164847, 'compression_ratio': 1.7769516728624535, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006465910002589226}, {'id': 521, 'seek': 301088, 'start': 3032.56, 'end': 3037.6, 'text': " the company without necessarily making structural changes. Yeah, that's sort of the greenwashing", 'tokens': [51448, 264, 2237, 1553, 4725, 1455, 15067, 2962, 13, 865, 11, 300, 311, 1333, 295, 264, 3092, 6569, 571, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1360131125164847, 'compression_ratio': 1.7769516728624535, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006465910002589226}, {'id': 522, 'seek': 303760, 'start': 3037.68, 'end': 3043.36, 'text': ' or whatever the equivalent of that would be for other issues. But yeah, there can be certainly', 'tokens': [50368, 420, 2035, 264, 10344, 295, 300, 576, 312, 337, 661, 2663, 13, 583, 1338, 11, 456, 393, 312, 3297, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.108913647759821, 'compression_ratio': 1.5643153526970954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032524489797651768}, {'id': 523, 'seek': 303760, 'start': 3043.36, 'end': 3049.44, 'text': " cases where like the PR team basically, okay, let's just stop the bleeding here and get a statement", 'tokens': [50652, 3331, 689, 411, 264, 11568, 1469, 1936, 11, 1392, 11, 718, 311, 445, 1590, 264, 19312, 510, 293, 483, 257, 5629, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.108913647759821, 'compression_ratio': 1.5643153526970954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032524489797651768}, {'id': 524, 'seek': 303760, 'start': 3049.44, 'end': 3056.56, 'text': " out. And then we'll deal with what that means internally later. I'm, you know, I think it", 'tokens': [50956, 484, 13, 400, 550, 321, 603, 2028, 365, 437, 300, 1355, 19501, 1780, 13, 286, 478, 11, 291, 458, 11, 286, 519, 309, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.108913647759821, 'compression_ratio': 1.5643153526970954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032524489797651768}, {'id': 525, 'seek': 303760, 'start': 3056.56, 'end': 3062.4, 'text': " depends what kind of company it is and how it's driven. But from what I've seen, you know, I", 'tokens': [51312, 5946, 437, 733, 295, 2237, 309, 307, 293, 577, 309, 311, 9555, 13, 583, 490, 437, 286, 600, 1612, 11, 291, 458, 11, 286, 51604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.108913647759821, 'compression_ratio': 1.5643153526970954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032524489797651768}, {'id': 526, 'seek': 306240, 'start': 3062.4, 'end': 3069.04, 'text': " most recently worked at Netflix and Amazon, and there's a lot of very deep corporate responsibility", 'tokens': [50364, 881, 3938, 2732, 412, 12778, 293, 6795, 11, 293, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 588, 2452, 10896, 6357, 50696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11947977542877197, 'compression_ratio': 1.696551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007859453558921814}, {'id': 527, 'seek': 306240, 'start': 3069.04, 'end': 3075.28, 'text': ' in both those organizations. Something from Netflix I saw recently, they decided to place some of', 'tokens': [50696, 294, 1293, 729, 6150, 13, 6595, 490, 12778, 286, 1866, 3938, 11, 436, 3047, 281, 1081, 512, 295, 51008], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11947977542877197, 'compression_ratio': 1.696551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007859453558921814}, {'id': 528, 'seek': 306240, 'start': 3075.28, 'end': 3080.8, 'text': ' their banking with minority owned banks, so black owned banks, I think they had like 100 million of', 'tokens': [51008, 641, 18261, 365, 16166, 11684, 10237, 11, 370, 2211, 11684, 10237, 11, 286, 519, 436, 632, 411, 2319, 2459, 295, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11947977542877197, 'compression_ratio': 1.696551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007859453558921814}, {'id': 529, 'seek': 306240, 'start': 3080.8, 'end': 3084.96, 'text': " the money that they just have stashed away somewhere. They said, we're just going to hold it, we're", 'tokens': [51284, 264, 1460, 300, 436, 445, 362, 342, 12219, 1314, 4079, 13, 814, 848, 11, 321, 434, 445, 516, 281, 1797, 309, 11, 321, 434, 51492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11947977542877197, 'compression_ratio': 1.696551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007859453558921814}, {'id': 530, 'seek': 306240, 'start': 3084.96, 'end': 3088.96, 'text': ' just going to open bank accounts at banks where we want to support that business. So that was,', 'tokens': [51492, 445, 516, 281, 1269, 3765, 9402, 412, 10237, 689, 321, 528, 281, 1406, 300, 1606, 13, 407, 300, 390, 11, 51692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11947977542877197, 'compression_ratio': 1.696551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007859453558921814}, {'id': 531, 'seek': 308896, 'start': 3088.96, 'end': 3094.4, 'text': ' I thought that was an interesting idea. But those kinds of things sort of start up as sort of', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 1194, 300, 390, 364, 1880, 1558, 13, 583, 729, 3685, 295, 721, 1333, 295, 722, 493, 382, 1333, 295, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10251612943761489, 'compression_ratio': 1.7605633802816902, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023142173886299133}, {'id': 532, 'seek': 308896, 'start': 3094.4, 'end': 3099.52, 'text': ' individual ideas, and then eventually, maybe one day that moves to become more of a common', 'tokens': [50636, 2609, 3487, 11, 293, 550, 4728, 11, 1310, 472, 786, 300, 6067, 281, 1813, 544, 295, 257, 2689, 50892], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10251612943761489, 'compression_ratio': 1.7605633802816902, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023142173886299133}, {'id': 533, 'seek': 308896, 'start': 3099.52, 'end': 3104.64, 'text': " thing that people do. I think it's interesting that you had employees in this map as well,", 'tokens': [50892, 551, 300, 561, 360, 13, 286, 519, 309, 311, 1880, 300, 291, 632, 6619, 294, 341, 4471, 382, 731, 11, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10251612943761489, 'compression_ratio': 1.7605633802816902, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023142173886299133}, {'id': 534, 'seek': 308896, 'start': 3104.64, 'end': 3112.32, 'text': " because I think it's becoming a point of survival for knowledge intensive, knowledge work intensive", 'tokens': [51148, 570, 286, 519, 309, 311, 5617, 257, 935, 295, 12559, 337, 3601, 18957, 11, 3601, 589, 18957, 51532], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10251612943761489, 'compression_ratio': 1.7605633802816902, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023142173886299133}, {'id': 535, 'seek': 311232, 'start': 3112.32, 'end': 3121.76, 'text': ' businesses to have people want to work there. And this is one of these situations where culture', 'tokens': [50364, 6011, 281, 362, 561, 528, 281, 589, 456, 13, 400, 341, 307, 472, 295, 613, 6851, 689, 3713, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09583240815962868, 'compression_ratio': 1.646551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06365087628364563}, {'id': 536, 'seek': 311232, 'start': 3121.76, 'end': 3127.2000000000003, 'text': " is another one of these topics that companies now invest heavily in, because everybody's realized", 'tokens': [50836, 307, 1071, 472, 295, 613, 8378, 300, 3431, 586, 1963, 10950, 294, 11, 570, 2201, 311, 5334, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09583240815962868, 'compression_ratio': 1.646551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06365087628364563}, {'id': 537, 'seek': 311232, 'start': 3127.2000000000003, 'end': 3133.76, 'text': " since many years now that you cannot, you can no longer micromanage anybody's work. You have to", 'tokens': [51108, 1670, 867, 924, 586, 300, 291, 2644, 11, 291, 393, 572, 2854, 3123, 81, 4277, 609, 4472, 311, 589, 13, 509, 362, 281, 51436], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09583240815962868, 'compression_ratio': 1.646551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06365087628364563}, {'id': 538, 'seek': 311232, 'start': 3133.76, 'end': 3139.6800000000003, 'text': ' sort of trust that they are somehow committed to what the company is working on. And if that', 'tokens': [51436, 1333, 295, 3361, 300, 436, 366, 6063, 7784, 281, 437, 264, 2237, 307, 1364, 322, 13, 400, 498, 300, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09583240815962868, 'compression_ratio': 1.646551724137931, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06365087628364563}, {'id': 539, 'seek': 313968, 'start': 3140.3199999999997, 'end': 3147.52, 'text': ' mission of the company is not palatable to a large amount of highly competent people,', 'tokens': [50396, 4447, 295, 264, 2237, 307, 406, 3984, 31415, 281, 257, 2416, 2372, 295, 5405, 29998, 561, 11, 50756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08737309582262154, 'compression_ratio': 1.6017699115044248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002114209346473217}, {'id': 540, 'seek': 313968, 'start': 3147.52, 'end': 3152.64, 'text': " you're probably not going to be successful as a business. So I think that this is very", 'tokens': [50756, 291, 434, 1391, 406, 516, 281, 312, 4406, 382, 257, 1606, 13, 407, 286, 519, 300, 341, 307, 588, 51012], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08737309582262154, 'compression_ratio': 1.6017699115044248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002114209346473217}, {'id': 541, 'seek': 313968, 'start': 3152.64, 'end': 3159.52, 'text': ' interesting to see this mapped. And I think that many, many companies have implicitly done this type', 'tokens': [51012, 1880, 281, 536, 341, 33318, 13, 400, 286, 519, 300, 867, 11, 867, 3431, 362, 26947, 356, 1096, 341, 2010, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08737309582262154, 'compression_ratio': 1.6017699115044248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002114209346473217}, {'id': 542, 'seek': 313968, 'start': 3159.52, 'end': 3167.3599999999997, 'text': ' of mapping and recognize it as it also a pure kind of talent pipeline survival question.', 'tokens': [51356, 295, 18350, 293, 5521, 309, 382, 309, 611, 257, 6075, 733, 295, 8301, 15517, 12559, 1168, 13, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08737309582262154, 'compression_ratio': 1.6017699115044248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002114209346473217}, {'id': 543, 'seek': 316736, 'start': 3168.2400000000002, 'end': 3174.48, 'text': ' Because you say employees care about this, not just existing employees, but potential future', 'tokens': [50408, 1436, 291, 584, 6619, 1127, 466, 341, 11, 406, 445, 6741, 6619, 11, 457, 3995, 2027, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13385351917199922, 'compression_ratio': 1.706959706959707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011325886473059654}, {'id': 544, 'seek': 316736, 'start': 3174.48, 'end': 3180.2400000000002, 'text': " employees. And people are now, like you're saying, starting to leave companies that do not.", 'tokens': [50720, 6619, 13, 400, 561, 366, 586, 11, 411, 291, 434, 1566, 11, 2891, 281, 1856, 3431, 300, 360, 406, 13, 51008], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13385351917199922, 'compression_ratio': 1.706959706959707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011325886473059654}, {'id': 545, 'seek': 316736, 'start': 3180.2400000000002, 'end': 3184.8, 'text': " Yeah, it's a percentage play, right? It's what percentage of employees are willing to walk out", 'tokens': [51008, 865, 11, 309, 311, 257, 9668, 862, 11, 558, 30, 467, 311, 437, 9668, 295, 6619, 366, 4950, 281, 1792, 484, 51236], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13385351917199922, 'compression_ratio': 1.706959706959707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011325886473059654}, {'id': 546, 'seek': 316736, 'start': 3184.8, 'end': 3189.52, 'text': " the door. And as we saw with Coinbase, it's at least 5%, right? And I think that that's pretty", 'tokens': [51236, 264, 2853, 13, 400, 382, 321, 1866, 365, 39054, 17429, 11, 309, 311, 412, 1935, 1025, 8923, 558, 30, 400, 286, 519, 300, 300, 311, 1238, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13385351917199922, 'compression_ratio': 1.706959706959707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011325886473059654}, {'id': 547, 'seek': 316736, 'start': 3189.52, 'end': 3193.6800000000003, 'text': ' telling that 5% of employees would walk away from their jobs in the middle of the pandemic.', 'tokens': [51472, 3585, 300, 1025, 4, 295, 6619, 576, 1792, 1314, 490, 641, 4782, 294, 264, 2808, 295, 264, 5388, 13, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13385351917199922, 'compression_ratio': 1.706959706959707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011325886473059654}, {'id': 548, 'seek': 319368, 'start': 3194.48, 'end': 3200.48, 'text': " Yeah, and it's not just that people, it's not just that people sort of leave companies that are", 'tokens': [50404, 865, 11, 293, 309, 311, 406, 445, 300, 561, 11, 309, 311, 406, 445, 300, 561, 1333, 295, 1856, 3431, 300, 366, 50704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0916580589868689, 'compression_ratio': 1.7535545023696681, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021150349639356136}, {'id': 549, 'seek': 319368, 'start': 3200.48, 'end': 3208.24, 'text': " atrocious or like work on actively sort of bad stuff. It's that people are just choosing not to", 'tokens': [50704, 412, 340, 4139, 420, 411, 589, 322, 13022, 1333, 295, 1578, 1507, 13, 467, 311, 300, 561, 366, 445, 10875, 406, 281, 51092], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0916580589868689, 'compression_ratio': 1.7535545023696681, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021150349639356136}, {'id': 550, 'seek': 319368, 'start': 3208.24, 'end': 3213.2799999999997, 'text': ' take employment in the first place. If these things not just only meet like a baseline,', 'tokens': [51092, 747, 11949, 294, 264, 700, 1081, 13, 759, 613, 721, 406, 445, 787, 1677, 411, 257, 20518, 11, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0916580589868689, 'compression_ratio': 1.7535545023696681, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021150349639356136}, {'id': 551, 'seek': 319368, 'start': 3213.2799999999997, 'end': 3221.3599999999997, 'text': " it's not enough to be like not evil. There is now the demand is moving like the consensus,", 'tokens': [51344, 309, 311, 406, 1547, 281, 312, 411, 406, 6724, 13, 821, 307, 586, 264, 4733, 307, 2684, 411, 264, 19115, 11, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0916580589868689, 'compression_ratio': 1.7535545023696681, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021150349639356136}, {'id': 552, 'seek': 322136, 'start': 3221.36, 'end': 3228.1600000000003, 'text': ' the morality kind of consensus is moving further right to say that this is like active effort is', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 29106, 733, 295, 19115, 307, 2684, 3052, 558, 281, 584, 300, 341, 307, 411, 4967, 4630, 307, 50704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14360729077967202, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677966101694916, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017241737805306911}, {'id': 553, 'seek': 322136, 'start': 3228.1600000000003, 'end': 3236.0, 'text': ' now a new baseline for many, many businesses and types of companies. It becomes really interesting.', 'tokens': [50704, 586, 257, 777, 20518, 337, 867, 11, 867, 6011, 293, 3467, 295, 3431, 13, 467, 3643, 534, 1880, 13, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14360729077967202, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677966101694916, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017241737805306911}, {'id': 554, 'seek': 322136, 'start': 3236.0, 'end': 3242.56, 'text': ' You just mentioned COVID, Liz, and then the pandemic and the widening of the', 'tokens': [51096, 509, 445, 2835, 4566, 11, 16480, 11, 293, 550, 264, 5388, 293, 264, 32552, 278, 295, 264, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14360729077967202, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677966101694916, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017241737805306911}, {'id': 555, 'seek': 322136, 'start': 3243.36, 'end': 3248.2400000000002, 'text': ' practical field at which companies are willing to go to for talent, the dropping of the barriers', 'tokens': [51464, 8496, 2519, 412, 597, 3431, 366, 4950, 281, 352, 281, 337, 8301, 11, 264, 13601, 295, 264, 13565, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14360729077967202, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677966101694916, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0017241737805306911}, {'id': 556, 'seek': 324824, 'start': 3248.24, 'end': 3253.3599999999997, 'text': ' around what you need to show and where you need to be in order to be hired. So it now means that', 'tokens': [50364, 926, 437, 291, 643, 281, 855, 293, 689, 291, 643, 281, 312, 294, 1668, 281, 312, 13144, 13, 407, 309, 586, 1355, 300, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10367192893192687, 'compression_ratio': 1.757462686567164, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016995977610349655}, {'id': 557, 'seek': 324824, 'start': 3253.3599999999997, 'end': 3259.12, 'text': " you're hiring across a far more diverse field of opinions. You know, when I want to pick up", 'tokens': [50620, 291, 434, 15335, 2108, 257, 1400, 544, 9521, 2519, 295, 11819, 13, 509, 458, 11, 562, 286, 528, 281, 1888, 493, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10367192893192687, 'compression_ratio': 1.757462686567164, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016995977610349655}, {'id': 558, 'seek': 324824, 'start': 3259.12, 'end': 3264.0, 'text': " something in one country, it's going to be an entire entirely. So you've got to track a lot more.", 'tokens': [50908, 746, 294, 472, 1941, 11, 309, 311, 516, 281, 312, 364, 2302, 7696, 13, 407, 291, 600, 658, 281, 2837, 257, 688, 544, 13, 51152], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10367192893192687, 'compression_ratio': 1.757462686567164, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016995977610349655}, {'id': 559, 'seek': 324824, 'start': 3264.0, 'end': 3268.9599999999996, 'text': " It's not just tracking what's going on in one domain, but also in where you might want to hire", 'tokens': [51152, 467, 311, 406, 445, 11603, 437, 311, 516, 322, 294, 472, 9274, 11, 457, 611, 294, 689, 291, 1062, 528, 281, 11158, 51400], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10367192893192687, 'compression_ratio': 1.757462686567164, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016995977610349655}, {'id': 560, 'seek': 324824, 'start': 3268.9599999999996, 'end': 3275.6, 'text': ' people and understanding how messages carry across jurisdictions. Yeah, I think certainly', 'tokens': [51400, 561, 293, 3701, 577, 7897, 3985, 2108, 37958, 13, 865, 11, 286, 519, 3297, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10367192893192687, 'compression_ratio': 1.757462686567164, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016995977610349655}, {'id': 561, 'seek': 327560, 'start': 3275.6, 'end': 3281.12, 'text': ' we could do like one of the examples I could draw on this map is working from home, right?', 'tokens': [50364, 321, 727, 360, 411, 472, 295, 264, 5110, 286, 727, 2642, 322, 341, 4471, 307, 1364, 490, 1280, 11, 558, 30, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14842225824083602, 'compression_ratio': 1.6532846715328466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015644002705812454}, {'id': 562, 'seek': 327560, 'start': 3281.92, 'end': 3286.48, 'text': ' What is the corporate position on working from home? Some companies fully distributed,', 'tokens': [50680, 708, 307, 264, 10896, 2535, 322, 1364, 490, 1280, 30, 2188, 3431, 4498, 12631, 11, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14842225824083602, 'compression_ratio': 1.6532846715328466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015644002705812454}, {'id': 563, 'seek': 327560, 'start': 3286.48, 'end': 3292.48, 'text': " others like you really have to be there. And I think we've seen an evolution of that idea to", 'tokens': [50908, 2357, 411, 291, 534, 362, 281, 312, 456, 13, 400, 286, 519, 321, 600, 1612, 364, 9303, 295, 300, 1558, 281, 51208], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14842225824083602, 'compression_ratio': 1.6532846715328466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015644002705812454}, {'id': 564, 'seek': 327560, 'start': 3292.48, 'end': 3297.7599999999998, 'text': ' become much more mainstream in the last year, during this year. We have so many questions,', 'tokens': [51208, 1813, 709, 544, 15960, 294, 264, 1036, 1064, 11, 1830, 341, 1064, 13, 492, 362, 370, 867, 1651, 11, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14842225824083602, 'compression_ratio': 1.6532846715328466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015644002705812454}, {'id': 565, 'seek': 327560, 'start': 3297.7599999999998, 'end': 3304.96, 'text': " so little time. So I'd love to hear from Andy and see Andy's talk as well and what we'll do", 'tokens': [51472, 370, 707, 565, 13, 407, 286, 1116, 959, 281, 1568, 490, 13285, 293, 536, 13285, 311, 751, 382, 731, 293, 437, 321, 603, 360, 51832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14842225824083602, 'compression_ratio': 1.6532846715328466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015644002705812454}, {'id': 566, 'seek': 330496, 'start': 3304.96, 'end': 3310.16, 'text': " with the Q&A time. We'll open it out so we can ask questions on any of the three talks you've seen", 'tokens': [50364, 365, 264, 1249, 5, 32, 565, 13, 492, 603, 1269, 309, 484, 370, 321, 393, 1029, 1651, 322, 604, 295, 264, 1045, 6686, 291, 600, 1612, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13517416027230275, 'compression_ratio': 1.4055555555555554, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010473091388121247}, {'id': 567, 'seek': 330496, 'start': 3310.16, 'end': 3315.36, 'text': " so far. And thanks everyone for your questions. They're really good.", 'tokens': [50624, 370, 1400, 13, 400, 3231, 1518, 337, 428, 1651, 13, 814, 434, 534, 665, 13, 50884], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13517416027230275, 'compression_ratio': 1.4055555555555554, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010473091388121247}, {'id': 568, 'seek': 330496, 'start': 3318.8, 'end': 3324.56, 'text': " All right, let's get some something up on the screen here. Let's see if I can follow.", 'tokens': [51056, 1057, 558, 11, 718, 311, 483, 512, 746, 493, 322, 264, 2568, 510, 13, 961, 311, 536, 498, 286, 393, 1524, 13, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13517416027230275, 'compression_ratio': 1.4055555555555554, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010473091388121247}, {'id': 569, 'seek': 332456, 'start': 3325.52, 'end': 3337.12, 'text': " Let's see if I can follow these two talks. So I'm Andy Norgren and I have a background", 'tokens': [50412, 961, 311, 536, 498, 286, 393, 1524, 613, 732, 6686, 13, 407, 286, 478, 13285, 426, 4646, 1095, 293, 286, 362, 257, 3678, 50992], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1422105516706194, 'compression_ratio': 1.453125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02228175848722458}, {'id': 570, 'seek': 332456, 'start': 3337.12, 'end': 3344.72, 'text': " in a lot of contexts where you could say it's sort of user-driven services or where user initiative", 'tokens': [50992, 294, 257, 688, 295, 30628, 689, 291, 727, 584, 309, 311, 1333, 295, 4195, 12, 25456, 3328, 420, 689, 4195, 11552, 51372], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1422105516706194, 'compression_ratio': 1.453125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02228175848722458}, {'id': 571, 'seek': 332456, 'start': 3344.72, 'end': 3351.04, 'text': ' and participation matters a whole lot for the thing to be successful. One of these things is', 'tokens': [51372, 293, 13487, 7001, 257, 1379, 688, 337, 264, 551, 281, 312, 4406, 13, 1485, 295, 613, 721, 307, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1422105516706194, 'compression_ratio': 1.453125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02228175848722458}, {'id': 572, 'seek': 335104, 'start': 3351.04, 'end': 3357.6, 'text': " even online, the game that I'm happy to hear it changed Liz's life that I worked on for about eight", 'tokens': [50364, 754, 2950, 11, 264, 1216, 300, 286, 478, 2055, 281, 1568, 309, 3105, 16480, 311, 993, 300, 286, 2732, 322, 337, 466, 3180, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.141514160416343, 'compression_ratio': 1.6050420168067228, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05496244877576828}, {'id': 573, 'seek': 335104, 'start': 3357.6, 'end': 3362.8, 'text': ' years. So started on the tech side there and then went over to run product development and', 'tokens': [50692, 924, 13, 407, 1409, 322, 264, 7553, 1252, 456, 293, 550, 1437, 670, 281, 1190, 1674, 3250, 293, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.141514160416343, 'compression_ratio': 1.6050420168067228, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05496244877576828}, {'id': 574, 'seek': 335104, 'start': 3362.8, 'end': 3368.24, 'text': " eventually as executive producer. Right now I'm at Unity Technologies, more back on the tech and", 'tokens': [50952, 4728, 382, 10140, 12314, 13, 1779, 586, 286, 478, 412, 27913, 46993, 11, 544, 646, 322, 264, 7553, 293, 51224], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.141514160416343, 'compression_ratio': 1.6050420168067228, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05496244877576828}, {'id': 575, 'seek': 335104, 'start': 3368.24, 'end': 3376.0, 'text': " engineering side again rather than the product side. But there's a lot in common actually with", 'tokens': [51224, 7043, 1252, 797, 2831, 813, 264, 1674, 1252, 13, 583, 456, 311, 257, 688, 294, 2689, 767, 365, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.141514160416343, 'compression_ratio': 1.6050420168067228, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05496244877576828}, {'id': 576, 'seek': 337600, 'start': 3376.0, 'end': 3382.64, 'text': ' designing for user-driven game environments and thinking about technology organizations.', 'tokens': [50364, 14685, 337, 4195, 12, 25456, 1216, 12388, 293, 1953, 466, 2899, 6150, 13, 50696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10067079037050658, 'compression_ratio': 1.6872246696035242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03306916356086731}, {'id': 577, 'seek': 337600, 'start': 3382.64, 'end': 3387.52, 'text': ' And a lot of the things around mapping which is thinking about how teams actually interact and', 'tokens': [50696, 400, 257, 688, 295, 264, 721, 926, 18350, 597, 307, 1953, 466, 577, 5491, 767, 4648, 293, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10067079037050658, 'compression_ratio': 1.6872246696035242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03306916356086731}, {'id': 578, 'seek': 337600, 'start': 3387.52, 'end': 3393.2, 'text': ' you also have the teachings from the Team Topologies book which is all about team interactions. And', 'tokens': [50940, 291, 611, 362, 264, 21037, 490, 264, 7606, 8840, 6204, 1446, 597, 307, 439, 466, 1469, 13280, 13, 400, 51224], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10067079037050658, 'compression_ratio': 1.6872246696035242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03306916356086731}, {'id': 579, 'seek': 337600, 'start': 3393.2, 'end': 3400.0, 'text': " for me this all ties together kind of very nicely and there's some strong explanatory power in both", 'tokens': [51224, 337, 385, 341, 439, 14039, 1214, 733, 295, 588, 9594, 293, 456, 311, 512, 2068, 9045, 4745, 1347, 294, 1293, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10067079037050658, 'compression_ratio': 1.6872246696035242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03306916356086731}, {'id': 580, 'seek': 340000, 'start': 3400.0, 'end': 3409.28, 'text': ' mapping and the evolution concept but also in these kind of teachings from various corners', 'tokens': [50364, 18350, 293, 264, 9303, 3410, 457, 611, 294, 613, 733, 295, 21037, 490, 3683, 12413, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08642563638807851, 'compression_ratio': 1.6071428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005383795127272606}, {'id': 581, 'seek': 340000, 'start': 3409.28, 'end': 3415.12, 'text': ' related to the mapping community. But what I want to talk about today is really what has', 'tokens': [50828, 4077, 281, 264, 18350, 1768, 13, 583, 437, 286, 528, 281, 751, 466, 965, 307, 534, 437, 575, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08642563638807851, 'compression_ratio': 1.6071428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005383795127272606}, {'id': 582, 'seek': 340000, 'start': 3415.12, 'end': 3422.64, 'text': ' coming from this type of background where designing for multiple people at the same time,', 'tokens': [51120, 1348, 490, 341, 2010, 295, 3678, 689, 14685, 337, 3866, 561, 412, 264, 912, 565, 11, 51496], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08642563638807851, 'compression_ratio': 1.6071428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005383795127272606}, {'id': 583, 'seek': 340000, 'start': 3422.64, 'end': 3429.28, 'text': ' interacting with each other is kind of built in. I have been surprised and sort of baffled', 'tokens': [51496, 18017, 365, 1184, 661, 307, 733, 295, 3094, 294, 13, 286, 362, 668, 6100, 293, 1333, 295, 272, 2518, 1493, 51828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08642563638807851, 'compression_ratio': 1.6071428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005383795127272606}, {'id': 584, 'seek': 342928, 'start': 3429.28, 'end': 3439.28, 'text': ' when coming to other contexts about how not present this concept is when people do design', 'tokens': [50364, 562, 1348, 281, 661, 30628, 466, 577, 406, 1974, 341, 3410, 307, 562, 561, 360, 1715, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07723223273433856, 'compression_ratio': 1.5053763440860215, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007551708840765059}, {'id': 585, 'seek': 342928, 'start': 3439.28, 'end': 3446.2400000000002, 'text': ' or think about systems. And I encountered sort of the same when I came to wordly maps because', 'tokens': [50864, 420, 519, 466, 3652, 13, 400, 286, 20381, 1333, 295, 264, 912, 562, 286, 1361, 281, 1349, 356, 11317, 570, 51212], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07723223273433856, 'compression_ratio': 1.5053763440860215, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007551708840765059}, {'id': 586, 'seek': 342928, 'start': 3446.2400000000002, 'end': 3452.48, 'text': " here we have the user need as an anchor which is amazing. And as we saw just in Adrian's map now", 'tokens': [51212, 510, 321, 362, 264, 4195, 643, 382, 364, 18487, 597, 307, 2243, 13, 400, 382, 321, 1866, 445, 294, 31746, 311, 4471, 586, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07723223273433856, 'compression_ratio': 1.5053763440860215, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007551708840765059}, {'id': 587, 'seek': 345248, 'start': 3453.2, 'end': 3460.4, 'text': ' we can visualize with a map some of the interdependencies and relationships that really matter', 'tokens': [50400, 321, 393, 23273, 365, 257, 4471, 512, 295, 264, 728, 36763, 6464, 293, 6159, 300, 534, 1871, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08998911611495479, 'compression_ratio': 1.5628415300546448, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009410486556589603}, {'id': 588, 'seek': 345248, 'start': 3460.4, 'end': 3469.52, 'text': " for something in the value chain. But what I've always looked to do is to zoom in on those actual", 'tokens': [50760, 337, 746, 294, 264, 2158, 5021, 13, 583, 437, 286, 600, 1009, 2956, 281, 360, 307, 281, 8863, 294, 322, 729, 3539, 51216], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08998911611495479, 'compression_ratio': 1.5628415300546448, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009410486556589603}, {'id': 589, 'seek': 345248, 'start': 3469.52, 'end': 3476.72, 'text': ' relationships and think about how do we actually design actively not sort of accidentally for', 'tokens': [51216, 6159, 293, 519, 466, 577, 360, 321, 767, 1715, 13022, 406, 1333, 295, 15715, 337, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08998911611495479, 'compression_ratio': 1.5628415300546448, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009410486556589603}, {'id': 590, 'seek': 347672, 'start': 3476.72, 'end': 3482.8799999999997, 'text': ' people with each other rather than people with our system. And so this is what I want to talk', 'tokens': [50364, 561, 365, 1184, 661, 2831, 813, 561, 365, 527, 1185, 13, 400, 370, 341, 307, 437, 286, 528, 281, 751, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08029550030117943, 'compression_ratio': 1.6542056074766356, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0952627956867218}, {'id': 591, 'seek': 347672, 'start': 3482.8799999999997, 'end': 3487.2, 'text': ' about today is to share my little framework for how I actually do this and the hope that this', 'tokens': [50672, 466, 965, 307, 281, 2073, 452, 707, 8388, 337, 577, 286, 767, 360, 341, 293, 264, 1454, 300, 341, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08029550030117943, 'compression_ratio': 1.6542056074766356, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0952627956867218}, {'id': 592, 'seek': 347672, 'start': 3487.2, 'end': 3494.08, 'text': " will be useful for you as well. So what I'm talking about here really is that what we very commonly", 'tokens': [50888, 486, 312, 4420, 337, 291, 382, 731, 13, 407, 437, 286, 478, 1417, 466, 510, 534, 307, 300, 437, 321, 588, 12719, 51232], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08029550030117943, 'compression_ratio': 1.6542056074766356, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0952627956867218}, {'id': 593, 'seek': 349408, 'start': 3494.08, 'end': 3498.4, 'text': ' see is a focus even if we have a user focus you have doctrine from', 'tokens': [50368, 536, 307, 257, 1879, 754, 498, 321, 362, 257, 4195, 1879, 291, 362, 23290, 490, 50580], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12938408056894937, 'compression_ratio': 1.1, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7495413422584534}], 'language': 'en'}
