[{'text': " Hi everyone, good morning and welcome to the square window, the first block of the square window. And this morning we're going to be looking at and talking about the theme, can maps do good. And we have three excellent speakers lined up for today. We have Matthew, Andrew and Liz. And I guess, yeah, without further ado, we're going to get started with the first speaker, Matthew. So over to you Matthew. Hi there. Is everybody okay? Can you hear me? Am I still audible? This is good. I apologize, some builders have just decided to start up work outside at 9.30. So if that interrupts things then I shall speak up. So I'm going to be talking on, as you say, on the subject of do maps do good. And I'm going to start out sort of quite abstract and then get a little bit more concrete, if we can. And I'll just share a screen. I promise that there are no slides full of dense text. So to answer the question to start with, I'll say no. I'm going to say that they can't. Why do I say no, they can't. Well, a map is just a model. A model isn't an actor in the sense of being able to do good. Doing good is an activity that people in view with some kind of moral value. And so they can't actually do good in and of themselves. They're only a model and they're as useful as you make them useful. They're not as accurate as you make them accurate. This is the thing I like to bang on about all the time. They're a tool and not a sort of end in themselves. So no, they can't. There we are. Let's stop there. Or we could take a slightly sort of less reductive view and say perhaps maybe yes they can. So I think there's a sense of helping us to do good. And that's what I'd like to explore a little bit more in this talk. It might it might seem a sort of a glib point, the, you know, can they do good. Yes or no. But I think it's I think actually the essence of this really and what I'm trying to get at is a framework for how we can do good and what tools we can best use to do that and not only do good but be seen to be doing good. And so maybe we should change the question a little bit. Not so much can they do good but how can they be used to do good and how do we know what good is. What I want to do is use a practical example for that. I'm going to use the EU taxonomy for environmental sustainability and the reason I'm going to use that is it's very difficult to say, and I have to say it all the time in my daily life and I get it wrong every single time. So you will notice I look down at my notes to make sure I was saying the words right. It's a really good tongue twister have a go at it yourself. So the EU taxonomy for environmental sustainability. Well, it's an EU wide framework for assessing activities and determining whether they are environmentally sustainable. It feeds into so called ESG reporting. So environmental sustainability reporting that asset managers and investors and governments and regulators, you know, other interested parties like that. It exists because people realize that governments and others were mandating this kind of sustainability reporting, but it was essentially useless, because nobody had any idea what any of the things people were reporting actually meant there was no framework in which, in which the data was being evaluated, and it was all very ad hoc and descriptive. And actually it's being used the work that is being used beyond the EU and is actually is actually having a global impact. The EU's taken a lead on this. Now, where this gets interesting for this conversation, I think, is that they have a mechanism for defining what good is in their context for something to be defined as actively sustainable, which is is the good they're trying to achieve. It has to meet four criteria. The other criteria are that it must substantially contribute to the objectives. So one of the objectives that they set out they've actually set out for four or five sort of core objectives things like move to a circular economy, recycling and waste management maintenance of a healthy ecosystem there that sort of core objectives, and whatever an activity does for it to be actively sustainable it has to directly contribute to the benefit of one of those. And secondly, it must do no significant harm to the other objectives. So, it's a bit like the Hippocratic Oath. You can't improve your recycling by turning the whole of the Cotswolds into one massive recycling center. But it must have compliance with what they call minimum social safeguards. What that means basically, this is actually a set of baseline safeguards that are published by the International Labour Organization. And they're about things like modern slavery and working practices, those kinds of things. And what you must do to be actively compliant is do no harm in this domain beyond the objectives. So you're not required to actively improve modern slavery conditions, for example, but you're required to do no further harm you can't develop your sustainability program by employing an army of slave labor, for example. And it has to do what they call comply with the technical screening criteria. Basically, what that means is that you have to provide evidence for the three things above. And I think that's a really good way of thinking about doing good in general terms. And these four principles, I think are very generalizable. Define your objectives and the surrounding landscape. Show how an activity contributes to those objectives. Do no significant harm either to those objectives or the landscape beyond and provide evidence for the above. And how can mapping help with that? Well, I think it can actually help with all four of those principles because doing good as we've defined it here, and there are plenty of other ways of defining it, but I think this is a good and narrow way of doing that. Doing good means making change. It means actionable, something that's actionable and something that's measurable from the output of that action. And I don't think that I really need to rehearse in this context that a wardly map is a great way of helping us to describe a status quo, and then to look at the impact of change on that status quo. So I've got one here. This is a classic make use, dispose, pollute value chain that humans have been doing since at least the late Mesolithic when we introduced farming. And this is, you know, somebody makes something, we use it, we dispose of it, and that naturally causes pollution. And we can also define our future state. The future state that the UTexxonomy is looking for is one of those is a move to a more cyclic economy. So here's an example where we've introduced a couple of cycles. We've got a make use recycle cycle here. We've got a use reuse up in the sort of consumer space up here cycle. We've got to use remake reuse cycle. So we've introduced with a couple of extra sort of activities we've introduced, you know, three, three cycles. The other thing I think is worth pointing out here is that for these kinds of doing good maps, I think it's really useful to put your negative value on there as well. Outcomes, product that is that you actually is undesirable. So, and highlighting those undesirable outcomes is really useful. Now we can produce a family of these maps for all of the objectives that we've got within our framework for doing good, and for our sort of surrounding landscape. And that gives us a framework, which we can use to model any activity when we decide to determine whether it's going to do good or not. So when we consider the activity, we can take one of those existing models, annotate it and see whether it contributes to this new desired state. So, very popular thing curbside recycling, it seems generally a good thing. So let's add curbside recycling to this chart. There we go. You can see we've got an hour make use recycle, but it doesn't actually seem to have done any good. When we add that recycling in, we're actually we're actually causing more pollution, because our curbside recycling mechanism is a net contributor is not carbon neutral with with the way we're collecting things with lorries and things and actually processing the output. There's no downstream consumer of that recycling, it just goes it just adds an extra complication into the make use dispose pollute cycle. And that's a really interesting point if we look at our desired outcomes here. It's only when we introduce that loop. That that cyclical part of the process that we drive towards a desired outcome. So, the curbside recycling is only a positive contributor to that to that loop, if it's performed in conjunction with another action. And then then it does become a good then it becomes if we if for example add modeling for our aluminium recycling supply chain into this. And then we can see that that is a way of enabling curve side recycling is a good. Now, wall v maps are really good for showing these kinds of dependencies and they're often the kind of unintended consequences from what we perceive as a good. So, we can bring those and bring them out and show us where our assumptions are falling down because we're not actually we're not actually mapping that action into our into our overall set of objectives. Now, of course, this is very high level, but even at this very high level. It's a really useful tool. And, and this comes back to my point right back at the beginning, you don't need the end degree of detail to reveal. What's, of your, of your value chain whether that's that's, you know, that's doing good or or any other desirable outcome. It's actually better to start at a very high level, and then drill in if you need more information to understand what's going on. And actually that's where we might come into the next bit, because one of the hardest areas, one of the hardest areas to deal with when doing good is providing the evidence that we are doing good and doing no harm. The model is all very well it shows you what you assume to be the case. And, you know, you're, you're, you're intelligent people doing research. And, you know, you've probably got a good model that's that's that fits the expectations of all those who are involved in modeling it. How do you evidence that the model, the model is meeting your requirements. And, and warden maps, I think, provide a very interesting tool for providing that evidence because they help you to find the dependencies in the system. We found that the big challenge when you do that is that actually many systems and perhaps even most don't actually have information flows within them that enable you to gather the evidence that you need. And, you know, when we look back at the wall, the doctrine and say, you know, right back at the beginning, we're trying to buy us towards evidence. That's a bit of a fundamental flaw that we need to sort out before any of this is useful. And it's actually one of the big challenges for the taxonomy right now is that is they've got a they've got a lot of really great, great structure. But we're not yet at the point where we understand the evidence. Now, when this is a this is a model on the left here, and that we produce in a workshop with a client that as part of a sustainable finance initiative that I'm involved with. And that left hand side is a very, very simple model of primary production in in agriculture. And what we realized was that while there were financial information flows throughout that system as they very often are the the the actuaries have got a very good at financial risk over the years and most systems have that financial risk deeply embedded within them. But there wasn't a lot of information about anything else if the goods we're looking at are trying to mitigate soil starvation or pollution or environmental destruction. We need some way of measuring those things and we need some way of measuring those things consistently. And the, you know, where we also discovered that there are very few incentives for driving that information through the system. And another view of this world, another another way that's another map that is useful in this context, particularly in the terms of doing good is what is the value flow we know where we want to get to but we don't understand what the value exchanges are throughout that process that encourage people to participate in in that process of good. And another thing that we then went to do we that we move so when we were trying to explore this further, we produced the diagram on the right which is what how is the reporting done right now. How is the taxonomy done has a technology encourage reporting. And what we discovered was that almost all of the elements in that are unconnected that they have no path of connection in that reporting chain there's no chain of evidence. And so we have a way of demonstrating the reliability of the evidence being passed from one point in the chain to another. And then there are very few ways of defining what the, the way in which that evidence should be interpreted and very few feedback loops to validate and process at any level in the system. And so we did this to other systems we realized that this was pretty common to, and it's only the people participating in the workshop had never done any warning mapping before. It's only when we produced a map like this, that they understood how deeply disconnected, everything was, and, and the scale of the problem that we were trying to solve. So what do we do. Well, I do think it's, I do think it's actually quite simple and it does come back to those four principles that I outlined at the surface, the conversation here to do good, we need to define our objectives what's in scope and we need to define us surrounding landscape what's out of scope but which we are in the area in which we must do no harm. When we're looking at an activity, we need to show how it actively contributes to those objectives, and how it actively does no harm and we need a model for driving the evidence the chain of evidence through that system to ensure that we're doing it, because we need to be able to provide the evidence for that. Otherwise, we have no idea whether whether whether whether we're actually achieving our goal. Sometimes that's often the most visible part, but the doing the significant harm elsewhere that's obviously often the most invisible part of the process. And we use maps to define what the less good to good transition looks like, and make sure that we include those negative outcomes as value on the map. And that's my conversation for the day. I hope that's a good conversation starter. And, and we can take it from there. Great. Thank you Matthew. That was a very good talk. Not too messy every time either. No, you're good. And we're just going to wait for a lia's to come back with the video. Okay, I think I'm going to get started with the first question. So in the context of the EU taxonomy is this approach more about persuading people that you are doing good rather than actually doing good. That is an interesting question. In the context of the taxonomy. I think there are, there are all this is this is in this gets into the reasons why we choose to do good. Right. Sometimes we choose to do good because we actively want to do something good. Sometimes we choose to do good because someone is standing with a big stick behind us, telling us that we need to do good. And sometimes we do good because we're worried about how other people perceive us. And, and all those reasons for doing good are good reasons for doing good. Right. I don't, you know, there's a, there's a, there's obviously there's some room for philosophical wiggle here. But, but I think that I think that actually, when we do good, it's for a combination of all those reasons we like to feel good about doing good we actually want to improve things. We fear what happens if we don't do good, whether that's intrinsic or extrinsic. And the only way in which as a society, we can do good is if we can bring other people along with us. And so this evidence and persuasion part is an important part of any process of doing good. And actually the practical implementation. And, and one of the nice things about applying this kind of process is these those kinds of those four principles is that they go hand in hand, the persuasion and the implementation become a part of the process and a connected part of the process. So I hope that answers that question. Thanks, Matthew. Um, can I ask Andrew or Liz if you've got any questions from Matthew? Yes, I was wondering what, what did you perceive was a motivation of your, of your clients engaged in the word mapping because I understand you are the mind of this and you see where it goes you have the framework and know that it goes towards doing good. But from the clients I rarely, meaning organizations of a sort, you rarely perceive this explicitly we want to do good, maybe better but good. I think that's really interesting because, because what we tend to find is that so that so I work for a company called engine and our mantra is helping small teams do big things. Right. And we're in this context, those small teams that we find are often the nucleus of a set of people who want to do good within an organization. And what we're trying to do is amplify their ability to do that within the organization. And that nucleus is set up for a number of different reasons. So for example, in ESG in particular and corporate finance. It's becoming important because it's becoming important to the regulator it's becoming important to governments and so it's becoming important to those organizations at a corporate level. And that's why people started doing their ESG reporting, you know, and there's a great chunk in their annual report every year that's been carefully drafted and contains lots of lovely meaningless words. And, but, but part of that is that they got some budget and they gave the budget to people to be the ESG team. And the people who took that budget all the people who were not interested in that ran away from that budget as fast as they could because they did not want to be associated with that. So you end up with a core team who have a small budget but are really motivated to do some good. And then this helps them to understand the true enormity of the challenge that they've taken on and start to identify ways in which we can we can focus that in on specific objectives and understand how that can be how that how they can run a path through their organization and out into their clients because one of the key things this this kind of mapping exercise shows us is that it's not isolated within a single none of these value chains right so I think within a single organization. It's almost impossible to do good at this scale, even inside a global corporation, because the interconnectedness of that value chain is too great now. So, so the motivation for these people is that they are intrinsically motivated to do good and entering extrinsically enabled to do it by the organization. And, and then these this gives us this is a really useful tool for them to be able to communicate what they're trying to do what needs to be done and to focus on on you know the sort of step by step process, particularly when you then you know that I've not talked about it in here but when you go back to the, you know, back to the the doctrine that's a you know again, as always with transformation. We're really at the sort of phase one really getting the basics, the real basics in place in in in most doing good, because most doing good has not yet got to the point where it's biasing towards the evidence of communicating well with all the party, even understanding who the parties are who the stakeholders are, we're really poor at that because, because doing good is traditionally so low budget, even in, you know, even large organizations big charities, any individual thing is so low budget, and so constrained by the needs to try and get as much of that budget into the activity of delivery that often it doesn't it doesn't have the time or space or brain power devoted to it to understand the longer part of that chain. And I think that's that's some bringing that out and helping people to understand and then manage the enormity because that's the other part of it. It's not that this is an unfathomably challenging problem. It's that you don't realize what a mess it is and the map helps you see the mess, and you can start sorting it out. And that's, you know, that's that I think is really powerful way of looking at the world. Great. Great conversation so far. Liz do you have any questions for Matthew. So what the most surprising thing you've seen emerge on those maps was the 100% the most surprising thing was that nobody had any idea what what they were talking about. So there was in a project that's about taxonomy of the realization that that nobody really knew exactly what any anything meant. And that there were no, there were no, there was no mechanism for explaining validating and feeding back the fact that people that understood what was going on was the most surprising thing. And the, the analogy that that I, that I use it's on that slide is, is, there's no gap for, for ESG data, you know, the accounting after, after the last but one major financial crisis went through a whole process of saying, you know, we don't understand it, we realize we don't understand what any of these measures are in the system that we've got, we need to get some generally accepted practices together to on how we interpret this data and what it actually means. Having taxonomized the objectives, the taxonomy is doing a great job of taxonomizing the objectives and mapping industries into those objectives and what what activities impact on those objectives. They have not thought about the evidence. They've not thought about the process of evidence at all that gives meaning to those definitions. And, and that's fair, right, this it's not it's not like it's not like this is by no means a criticism. It's just, I think they've assumed that everybody understood what everything meant. They've not yet got to the stage of realizing that they didn't. And so this was kind of the first opportunity to bring that out and reveal it as the next big challenge. We actually have a few questions coming in. I'm just going to read them out. The first one is, how do you know if your map has too little or too much information in the context of the talk, several of the maps seem relatively simplified so where they simply a good conversation starter. So, I think that maps should be too simple. If you reach the point at which you think the map is now just about complex enough, it's too complex. And if you need to, if it explains your concept clearly and without extraneous detail, then that's enough. And if you then need to do so if you know if you then realize you need some more information, I tend to draw another map. And, and then, and then build up a family of sets of maps that you can use together. And it means you have to do a little bit more work to stay on top of keeping them in sync if they're all still alive. But, but that brings me to another point if a map isn't still alive, it's if it's archival then get rid of it, because it put it put it put it in the up by get rid of it I mean put it in the archive, because if it's not alive and it's not delivering value it's just taking attention. And so, so every map should be very, very, very, very simple, because either it's very focused, or it's very high level and you need to be able to understand how you navigate from one to another, and you can build a map for that too. So, so I, you know, that, you know, I hope that that's, I'm being highly opinionated, feel free to, to not be back but that's the way I use them. Okay, thanks Matthew. So our next question is this, why do you think the impact has been of economic models around negative externalities concepts, when it comes to harm in value chains. Well, I think the impact has been I think, I think that in this, in this context, I think that the, there has been an important shift over the last year or so to understand that these negative impacts are probably as important, if not more important in the risk profile of an organization. As, as the positive outcomes. And there's, there's been a clear shift in desire for people to be able to model this kind of risk. So as we move purely from the sort of actual financial actuarial risk to this kind of ESG actuarial risk. And there are, but, but people, people are struggling to understand how to do it and that's quite, that's quite legitimate. And we're really in the only in the very early stages of this as well, because we are that we are looking at the moment really, we're focused on, on sort of investment risk, we're not looking and we're looking at sort of direct, direct actionable risk we're not looking at the infrastructural consequential, you know, operational risk within the system I suppose. And that's where I'd like to get to because I think actually my my instinct is, and, and, you know, we need to drill into this and more but my instinct is that that's actually a greater contributor to the financial risk, the investment risk down the line, than the pure, the investing in activities which are seen to be actionably sustainable. I think actually we need to look at the operational activities of the business is concerned and see how that impacts on that. And actually the build the chain up from there but that's, you know, that's a, that's another order of magnitude away from where we are right now. Okay, thank you very much for that Matthew and thanks for the questions Andrew, Andrew, and you're listening from the audience as well. I think now we're going to get on with the next speaker, who is Andrew. So, Andrew, over to you. Okay. Okay, so I'm Andrew Sonia. I'm a solution architect with InterCoS and the researcher at the University of Warwick. And I research things related to urban space and economic phenomena in space and time. Today, I would like to tell you a story about using mapping for basic banking services. So why, why I think, oops, okay, how I think this this works. So when we talk about basic banking services, we usually refer to being able to receive payments or make payments and for probably all of us here in this, in this conference. So what we also mean is that we have a smartphone and on that smartphone we have I don't know how many applications which allow us to make payments in many different ways. So you would ask yourself, okay, what's what the problem is this a problem for today's age in the UK. And I would say that it is because actually, not only in the UK, but also in many other European countries, basic banking services are considered a general economic interest, which means that they are usually not satisfied by pure market forces and usually a state intervention of some sort is required. In the UK, for whatever reason, the government decided that post office is the provider of basic banking, banks of basic banking services. When they did this, they were also allowed by European Union to provide state aid to the post office under the condition that they maintain this number 11,500 post office locations across the UK. And you will see this number on websites like HSBC, all the banks in the UK, but also smaller banks. So if we look at Starling, which is a challenger bank, they also state you can access us through post office. And they are considered somehow a replacement for banks branches. You see here in on Starling, they also provide a percentage of coverage, which is like 99% of the population live within three miles of the post office. So what, what are the basic banking services actually so they're very basic indeed so you can check your balance you can withdraw cash you can deposit cash you can pay utility so just a bit more than an ATM I would say. I would draw the attention here that you can pay utilities but you cannot pay a friend, you cannot pay a member of a family cannot pay a company which is quite restrictive, I would say. So, that percentage of coverage of the UK territory comes from the official access criteria in the UK and here I choose to show just two of them. Here's an example how this works so the government says that 99% of the UK population shall live within two miles of the nearest post office so if this blue thing here is a post office, the very, the darker shade of blue around it is a distance if you go on the real street network for one mile within the post office and the other one the lighter blue is three miles so it means that if you if you leave outside. These blue shades for example in this part you are part of the 1% not not the the other 1% not the not the not the wealthy one 1% so I was wondering, it is, is this really true because everybody takes these numbers for granted but. There is no methodology for this calculation they are no granular results and it didn't ring true to me at all. Let's see who are those people who live outside those blue areas and how the world map looks like it looks a bit different simply because for whatever reason, there are categories of population and which can be identified which. Do not use online banking or mobile banking, either because they don't have a smartphone, or they cannot afford one or they cannot use one. Or in the area there is no broadband or a combination of the two. And, and this restricts their choices considerably. So, even more if you live outside those three miles or would you would you walk for three miles actually to go to a post office to pay something. It's completely out of our realm of experience actually because we have the phone in our pocket all the time. So, almost all these maps here is in in the commodity section in the utility section, at least in in our mind and usually when when I use worldly maps with companies, my focus is on on finding things which are in Genesis in custom built what should we build next what should we build next something that doesn't exist. And then this time, almost everything was going out on the map on the on the right hand side. So, let me. For example, if I if I look here at the of this option somebody want to pay a personal company. Okay, they need to have an account they need to go to a post office probably they need a car as well probably they need a driver if they don't drive or they are told to drive and they need. And so, all of a sudden the transaction is considerably more expensive for them than it is for us. So I will take you now to a completely different type of map. Can you see, can you see this. I hope so. So, this is the map of Wales, and I thought, okay, if we are told that 99% of the population lives within these air within three miles of the post office let's calculate this and I was crap the post office website. So, I extracted or their points or the post offices I put them on the map. I also extracted their opening hours. So if we look at Wales. What we see is like, okay, it has lots of national parks. That's a lot of national parks. And probably people don't live there. Yeah, we also know that Wales is not is partially populated so that probably is not a problem they're not many people living in in the in the national park, but let's zoom in and see. Let's zoom in and see. I don't know a detail. Let's look here. So this seems to be a little town. It's a university town. It's a place where people also go for holidays as well. So what's happening here so they have two post offices here to post offices here. What are these red ones so these red ones. If we look at the capacity, which means opening hours, it's show 0.01 capacity tough on our own. So we see that they're open for two hours per week, maybe three hours per week and so on. So what we observe when we do this type of map, we see that these points come towards the government calculations that people 99% of the people in the city live close to a post office. Hence, we can close branches banking branches because they have a post office nearby but in reality, it's a very temporal structure, let's say, and it's not something you would start driving miles towards, you know, maybe that mobile post office doesn't open today, maybe the guy is ill or he simply didn't turn up. So if and if we if we these are driving distances, by the way. So if we look at Wales and the one miles, what they're called ice cranes areas where you can drive for one miles with for a post office it looks really really bear. So what, what do we learn out of it coming back to the coming back to the to our results so I said okay let's let's replicate or try to replicate or build a better measure for the construction of such indicators of coverage of the UK territory. So the results were completely different from the government, I would say completely different. So, in the in Wales, if we look at Wales so if we change the scale of the map, which is important, not the whole UK but we look at Wales. So that 99% of the people live within three miles, it's 93 if you go by car and it's 95 if you walk. And for one mile the percentages are considerably less. If we taking consideration, post offices are more permanent nature, the percentages go down considerably. So it's important. It's important in the context of Wales simply because to it 10% of the population of Wales it's actually quite quite a lot, it's bigger than the whole population of of of card. So what do, what do we learn. So I use different types of maps I look I use a map, the widely map to make explicit, what do we need in order to provide that basic service. And then a sub map or geographical map to explore if the indicators which are given to us are true or not, can we rely on them or not. And then we need that or what we learn in general is that in a way it's nothing new I don't discover these things it's it's more obvious when when I apply it to a particular case that if you don't make the methodology explicit for constructing the map, you can come up with anything really. So you can make the distances how you measure distances is makes a big difference. So the government measures the differences in a, in a straight line. But this is not, this is not how people move. Yeah, so when you do a map, you have to choose a propagation method for for measuring distance which is appropriate for the phenomenon that you observe so people move on road. So you should measure distances on roads. And also if you play with the scale of the phenomenon, you observe different things so we have to also choose well the scale for for your maps and this is true in what we maps and in geographical maps. So coming back to this. My worries that my worry. The, the, the sub map that I explained, or I explored it here in the commodity section. And it's falling off the map and it's falling off the map for, you know, reasons which are bigger than than than ours. So I'm not sure what the reality but but I'm trying to figure out. Okay, how do we fix that and this or what can we put in place and, and I personally don't don't see it. We haven't seen it yet. So we are. So you, you are aware of this S curve, which is the innovation curve, which Simon also uses so normally when you see this map you have this S curve here and then you have another S curve starting from somewhere underneath the commodity and going, going up towards the right hand corner and we are in this place here where we we see the end of a commodity and probably something has already appeared, but, but people fall through this disruption this disruption is not without, without pain. What I, what I map here is not the product is actually an infrastructure and it's interesting to see the end of a type of infrastructure because we don't get to see them very often in our, in our lifetime. So this is a kind of infrastructure, which is respect or live by a different timescale a historical timescale not human timescale so to witness in your lifetime, the end of one and the starting of another one, it's quite, it's quite interesting. Yes, so if you have any idea. How, how to deal with that or if you have seen examples of other types of infrastructures and commodities disappearing. I would be very, very interested to hear from. And I stop here. Okay, thanks. So, this is very good. So we're just going to wait for Matthew and list to come on on video, but I'll get the first question started. So why did you choose to focus on this problem and also why maps and why the post office. I think it comes at the, at the intersection of two things I'm interested about so on one side in my daily job I work with systems I do systems architecture I build systems. And I usually use worldly maps to figure out what you do next you know why I spent probably the last 10 years on identifying the next course thing and at some point I realized, you know, in all honesty, let's see who uses these cool things because they didn't transform the world as we, as we imagine it or we didn't democratize anything. What's the hell is going on and, and this is when I started to do real maps to, and I do this in my academic work let's say I use a lot of spatial analysis to look at phenomena and and I started in the search for people do. So if, if I want somebody to have access to my mobile app, first he needs to have broadband of some sort, the infrastructure needs to be there. Then he needs to have money to pay for that. Then he needs to be able cognitively to work with money in an abstract form, and not everybody can do that. And then I realized that actually we live in our focus towards the next shiny thing and disruption, we leave behind. The entire category of people through no fault of their own have the infrastructure for taken away from from them. So, with this question or basically it was a step by step realization this is when I realized Oh post office maybe I don't use them but for some people they are very important and by the way they're vanishing. Yeah. Thank you for that on Liz or Matthew. Any questions for Matthew go ahead. Yeah, so I'm really interested in space and time. Not not just not just because I was a physicist once upon a time but because, because I think one of the things that people lose track of in in these kinds of almost all GIS applications actually is that the time dimension is as important if not more important than the space dimension. The, but what are the challenges is that our screens in our paper, and our maps are two dimensional. Yeah. So, how, how do we know, you know, we have techniques for layering that kind of time transition into the mapping. But how do you, how do you think we can best deal with that what you know what do you think we do you think we need a technology, do we need a conceptualization leap to to get a better to help you understand the time dimension better that's what I'm getting at. Yeah, it's not easy so where I see this done more successfully so we probably know there's a lot of a lot of form, or the visualization of the information is to evolve massively so you can now visualize a phenomenon which happened in the brain or things like things like that. So, unfortunately, you cannot use this type of visualization in the academic papers which are you know, printed and so on. But actually, what I showed you it's a temporal phenomenon because I can create that that map and visualize it, you know, during the week. So, what happens that in Wales you have coverage Tuesday at lunch, you know, but if I run the same map Friday morning you have nowhere to go. It's something like that so it's a dynamic. So, dynamic maps, which now can be built, not necessarily. I don't use pure GS I use Python so it gives you a lot of freedom to build the type of visualization that kind of you have in in your head and you think you can. You can build and I find the visualization the right visualization equally powerful as a method behind it. I'm not a master of that I'm and but I'm trying. Great. Lizzie have a question for Andrew. I thought that was absolutely magical. I was just watching just going this is so amazing. Thank you. What are you looking to map next. Actually, um, oh, I'm ready to talk about this for one hour. This mapping is a multi layer. It's a multi layer phenomenon. So what I showed the mapping of, you know, the map of UK of Wales where people leave and we know a granular level of details. So the statistical data in UK is it's amazing. So we know a lot about the socio economic status and so on that that's one thing the infrastructure they have access to the infrastructure of access being post offices banks hospitals whatever it's another thing. But if I focus on financial services basically there are other layers above that which I can I intend to map. So what I intend to map are cascading fares in financial services. And because I it links my knowledge of how bank works and how the financial industry works to how this is experienced on on the ground. So in nowadays, the cascading failures in financial services are modeled only from the point of view of financial flows and people focus on the places where money are, you know, from this bank to this bank, there are a lot of money moving and so on. So this map somehow, but the mundane life of people you know retail banking, nobody cares about this. So how this is how this is cascading, you can leave an entire area in the UK without any possibility of doing any banking at all paying anything just by failing to systems if you know who those systems where the systems are and the problem the thing is they are identifiable. And in theory, this is a national critical infrastructure of the UK, but we don't care to map it to say to do. So this is what I intend to map the critical, the critical infrastructure of financial services and the cascading failures that could happen through it. Okay, we've got one question actually from the audience. This is from Harry was how do you hope to influence government with your maps. You can influence them if they want to be influenced. So I believe in the power of maps. So as Mattie said, can you do good with maps. If this information is public, and I think it should be public. It's not. So if you want to obtain the points you cannot you have to web scrap the post office website. If this information is public and people have information and they can act locally to advocate for themselves to put in front of their MP, you see, this is our area. It's about 20 hours of service per month per week, whatever. Is this okay. No, it's not okay. So who cares that they are 10 points, you know, basically I believe in empowerment through information. What I can do I can publish a paper will be published. It will stay there in a journal that you have to pay for it. Nobody will read it, you know that's the life of the, of the academic but making this maps public I think it's powerful. Yeah. Great. Matthew, do you have another question. Yeah, do you think, do you think I think one of the things I like about the maps is that they're really anybody can understand them right they're really easily understood. So, at least at a superficial level. Do you think we could, we could do better at using them to inform people as you're, as you're talking about influencing government there and the locality of it. Do you think we could use use it out of the academic sphere and into the local activist kind of space and find a way of presenting it that is that is comprehensible, you know, at that level for the individual MP for the question for the question and is that as is, or do we think we need to put another layer of explanation around it so that people can understand it in a in their own idiom, I suppose. Yeah. Probably, it would need a bit of explanation instead of capacity to use minutes per week instead of to explain. So that concept of an ice chrome, even if it's basic people people think in this way but they don't, when they see they don't recognize it as such so from this point if I go one mile on any possible road around me, and then I draw a polygon around those end points that is the polygon around you where you can go for one mile so those are those polygons. People don't recognize them immediately when when when they see them so probably and I'm still exploring to be honest what works, what works in terms of explaining what the real situation is. The reason I created it like that is because the official measure or the official access criteria expressed in this way. So I use the latest methods for calculating what they say is true. And it's not true. So, yeah. Okay, I believe Liz has another question. Sorry, couldn't come off mute. Andra. I noticed so it was further to what Matthew said about getting involved with local activists and other people responding to this. So, I'm wondering if having, have you spoken to any of these local people on the ground who don't have the access. And have you heard any stories, any ways that they're handling this stuff coming into that custom Genesis space at all. Yeah. Because we cannot travel too much or why couldn't travel because of lockdown in the past six weeks or six months. So basically, maybe it's artificial too but then Twitter is not the real world but I, I, I extracted Twitter data and they extracted complaints and, you know, when somebody writes a thread is like what happens to them and how, when they cannot pay. And, and how they deal with this, I think it, what strikes me it's a dramatic situation when something critical happens in somebody's life and they cannot do that basic thing to pay to take a cab to go to the hospital. They cannot check out of a hotel. They are stranded somewhere where they are not familiar with those are the most dramatic situation as for us for the usual ones. They are even documented by the regulator but by the FCA and I think this is what started me on this path so the, the most representative population caught up in this the older age population, which need to take a cab to go to the need for I don't know 16 pounds one way 16 pounds the other way to be able to do a financial transaction. The cost of a financial transaction for that category of population, it's massive it's 32 pounds you know for some of them. And some of them they don't they are not independent they are not independent they need help so they're, you know, it becomes extremely expensive so there are cases documented by the regulator and in my examples looking what happens my examples come from Twitter but I plan to go locally and interview people when this will be possible. My mum lives in a little village in Dorset, miles away from the local town and they closed her post office. So this is really dear to my heart thank you. Well, thank you. Thanks for that, and thanks for the questions Liz and Matthew and the audience. There's a comment here from Matthew saying he's shocked to hear that you suggest that Twitter is in the real world because it can be too real. I'm one Twitter a lot of time so most of the day probably. But yeah, I got it. But thanks again, Andrew, and we're going to move on to Liz who's the last speaker last but not least. So over to you Liz and then we'll get on with the questions again after your talk. Thank you very much. So, we're at map camp, right do maps do good we wouldn't be here if we didn't think they did. We've already heard some stuff from Matthew has some stuff from Andrew around maps do good. I think maps do good when they're not doing bad. So as long as we can eliminate the times when maps are doing bad. We'll be doing good with them. I think there are two times when schools of any kind, particularly things like maps can can do that. One of them. The first one is when the bad people have better maps than the good people. Matthew's already talked a little bit about what he sees as bad and good. So I'm going to clarify what I mean, and it's around this concept of privilege which I know gets thrown around a lot so I'm going to explain what I mean really really clearly. When people who have lots and lots of choice in the world and can do lots of different things. They use tools to accrue more choices to themselves in at the expense of people with less choices and their choices. That's bad. Right, so you're creating choice imbalance. So somebody who has lots and lots of money, never has to worry about how to get somewhere or where to get health care, etc. So you can actually map this as well. So you can look at where is choice a really new thing or a thing that's ephemeral and it's not stable yet. So I think the people with fewest choices are people on low lying Pacific Islands and tribes in the Amazon rainforest who don't even know that they should be campaigning with their MP. They don't even know what's about to hit them and they've got no choice. We've got all the choices about that they don't have any choices. I think that then you start going down into, you know, places where choice and opportunity is a relatively new thing. So disabilities, people of color, and then women, we haven't had to vote all that long. Black women have less fewer choices than white women do. And then, of course, you get down to the commodities and the people who've always had lots and lots of choices, middle class, middle aged white male, they're the commoditized owners of choices. You can also look at corporations, so you know, oil companies, because they are rich have lots and lots of choice available to them and they have been using that ferociously over the last few decades to try and keep hold of their choices. So if we're going to give maps to anyone, I would like to see, I would like to see us making sure that we help people to map when they have fewer choices. You know, when they live less than three miles from your local post office, more than three miles from your local post office, those people helping those people have more choices. So that's the first one, and this is true of any tool. It's not just true of, of what he maps to have any tool that offers choices to people and helps them see what choices are available and negotiate better choices themselves. The second time when maps do bad is when they are misleading. And this is something I think we can be a little bit more direct about and have a little bit more fun with. And it's a bit of a devil's advocate position because we all, we know all maps are wrong when Simon talks about this a lot. They're just a model. But I think there is something very misleading in what he maps. And I want to talk about and explore it and see if it leads us to a little bit of a different way of thinking of these things. Now I'm still even now more familiar with Canevin than I am with more, more D maps. So for those of you, I'm just going to type that just in case anybody hasn't come across it. How do I get to everyone? All panellists and attendees, right? I'm just going to type that because it's not spelt like it's pronounced. You can go have a look at that. It's a framework that's related. It's a framework for making sense of different situations, depending on how predictable and unpredictable they are. It has a huge amount in common with Watery maps. Dave Snowdon who created the Canevin frameworks. I'm a Watery hang out an awful lot. I have the privilege to hang out with them occasionally on a Friday. It's really fun. I want to share something from the Canevin, the world of Canevin. So let me just share this with you. It's only a couple of slides I've got for this talk. Where's it gone? There we are. Okay. So, don't know if you can see that. Right. So this is a fitness landscape. And this concept comes from the complexity thinkers of the Canevin world. Particularly Dave Snowdon's company Cognitive Edge creates these. So what they do is they send out a little survey and the survey has a prompt that it's neither positive or negative. So it might be, imagine that your best friend is taking a job with your organization. What story do you tell them? Or it might be tell us a story about your life in your country or tell us a story about trying to bank at the post office. Right. Or banking at the post office. And then you can, they have these little triads. So here's one of the triads and they ask, okay, in your story, in your story was handling shaped by emotions inside politics. And they ask you to move a counter to signify where your story sits in that little triad. And you can see in this triad, you've got these emotions. The emotions have fewer dots there than there are in the others. Okay. So you can start seeing these patterns emerge. You've got enough of these triads and one of them they've got kind of six of these triangles. So that's 18 different axes you can come up with. You can start seeing patterns. And so they create these fitness landscapes. So where you get a little tight cluster of dots. That little tight cluster of dots is a bunch of people all telling the similar stories. If you decide that one of the directions you want to move in is better. You want to move that little cluster of dots so they're telling better stories. Right. It's really, really hard to move a little cluster of dots if there's no other people telling stories near them. You can see these, this is like a, it's like a landscape. It's three dimensional and there's energy that's needed to move to a different place. So if you've got another group of people telling similar stories but a bit different, a bit better, it's what they call an adjacent possible. So you can move people from where their little settlement is there over to this other place that's a bit better. If there's nothing around them, if they're just surrounded by mountain ranges, it's really, really hard to get them to move. And it's much easier to get them to move around a mountain than over a mountain. Okay. So you can think of these energy gradients that you need to move people. That's inertia. That's these little dotted lines. Right. That's what prevents people from moving. And I think the fact that they are represented by little dotted lines is misleading. So I want, what I've done, I've redrawn the wardley map with a little bit of a template that you're welcome to think about. And it is a devil's advocate position and I hope it's thought provoking. But I redrew the map, the wardley map, and this is what it looks like. So between each thing, you've got these dragons, these mountain ranges, you've got a yawning chasm of despair. Right. This is what happens every time I have a discussion with somebody about their choice of architecture in technology space or their choice of technology. And we have a really great discussion and it just disappears into the abyss and we never ever see it again. So I think getting past this inertia is the quest. This is the quest. Okay. I'll put this out on the Slack channel and I'll tweet it. My tweets are protected, but please just ask to follow me unless I see things on your Twitter. I don't like. I will let you follow me. So I'll put this on Twitter as well. So I'm going to stop sharing for a moment. Okay. So how to map inertia a little bit better. There's one thing which I think Kinevin does and cognitive edge and people complexity is to do with Kinevin that we don't tend to do with wardley mapping, but we could. In Kinevin, they say the data precedes the framework. We tend to use wardley mapping more like a categorization tool. So I'll draw the map and then put the stuff in it. Instead, what I suggest trying is put all your bits on the map and make them relative to each other. So how stable, how mature are they, how visible are they, and then after that work out where the boundaries are. And your boundaries will be constraints. They will be constraints that prevent them from moving to the right. Okay. When you start looking at those constraints after you've already got the stuff, I think you're more likely to see really interesting constraints and you're more likely to go. Oh, wow, there's a thing that we never have a talk about. So being able to map those constraints. I think that will make it less misleading. I think you'll end up with boundaries in better places. I think you'll discover weird things about the boundaries. They won't just be straight lines. They will be twisted and that will be okay. You'll find that boundary boundaries, which are completely unnecessary. I think that that will make the map less misleading. There's one other thing that I wanted to talk about about inertia and I think I've got a few minutes. So you can probably hear I care kind of passionately about climate change. One of the things that Simon talked about it was when I was looking at technology and how it was moving and how how industrial revolutions happened. I was asked by one conference talk about industrial revolutions. Simon put me onto this awesome awesome book by Carlos a pair of parents technological revolutions and financial capital. And it's all about it says above dynamics and bubbles of golden ages so it's about revolutions and how they happen. And one of the things that she talks about is this concept of kondratiev waves. So I'm just going to share again really really quickly show your picture of a kondratiev wave. That's Okay. Sorry, it's gone all the way. There we are. So this is a kondratiev wave. This this this up down up down and you can see she she reckons it's been responsible for every single one of these this is from Wikipedia but it matches what colors per se says. There've been all these waves before. And they go through this prosperity recession depression improvement cycle. So what usually happens is you get you get a bunch of people come in there's some other ways as well but I particularly like the kondratiev ways. So a bunch of other tech devices come in and there's some enabling technology. So the first one was you know they have basic steam engines they were able to automate looms and weaving. So this great weaving things starts taking off and then you need coal to power steam engines until you make canals, and you have horses dragging things along canals. So a bunch of other tech rises up at the same time. And you know what I mean in this they're seeing their money grow. It's so super exciting. It's really really good to know your money is growing your money is growing. And then it tops out at the top of the market. And your markets cat. And nowadays it's your global market that becomes cat. And we're seeing the spread of technology get quicker and quicker so I think these waves are happening more and more quickly as well. And the investors they're looking at this stuff and they're going well hold on the stuff I was putting the money into. It's not making as much money anymore. How do I make my money make money again, because it's all just still and it's not really moving. And so there's a recession that's starting to happen because their money isn't making money. As it goes down they start looking at can we fund some more risky stuff. Can we put the money into things that we would never have touched before because they won't guarantee to provide any kind of benefit to us but now it's worth doing now it's worth putting money into that stuff. And so you see another bunch of enabling technology emerges from that new investment. Like you know steel like railways etc. And off we go again. And the information technology boom was the last one. We're kind of due to enter into another one of these revolutions and I thought to myself well okay everybody talks about this and some people say it's a myth I'm just going to skip past those. How would we know if we were entering one of those revolutions. I took these before COVID like well before COVID I took these last year. Okay so this is Google this is alphabet so you can see it was climbing and then for the last two years it's got this little up down cycle the market has a little cycle of its own. Right. This was Facebook similar climbing and then static. Apple climbing static. And this was in 2019. It's only gone down because because of COVID. So climbing static. Okay. Uber wasn't doing very well at all. Lift not doing so well at all even though they're a little bit more ethical than Uber. Even Spotify you know the technology darling not doing so well. Microsoft were doing well. Good on Microsoft they were doing well. They were the only ones I could find that were doing well so. If we if we are entering into this next phase. We should start seeing the next enabling technology start coming up and I hope think dream wish. Please let it be that it's green tech. We're seeing battery stuff coming on the market you know I saw Tesla had their battery day. They had a really powerful message for the supplies because they make batteries but they are also supplied with batteries their message their suppliers was we can't fund our own demand we can't meet our own demand with our own batteries you will always have a place with us. The world has so much demand for batteries right now to store all of the renewable more fluctuating power sources. Those power sources themselves all the all the ways and means of get there's so many they found you know the things where you can put a rusty piece of metal in water and as long as it's thin enough it will generate electricity. All these new things that they're finding right now around how to generate power in renewable non polluting ways. New ways of breaking down plastic new ways of recycling new new substances that we can use instead of plastic that break down more nicely. There's so much tech coming on the market and I think that one of the things we can do is to help connect people to that Genesis stack custom built stuff that's coming in right now and help get it into stable products as quickly as possible. Because that will make the world a better place and then we'll be doing good. That's it. That's all I got. Thank you Liz. And yeah Matthew and Andrew hopefully you come back on video. We have a question for you. So what's your least sorry what's your favorite and least favorite characteristics of you and beings beings. So my favorite characteristics of human beings is their ability to move forward in uncertainty the fact that we have these heuristics that let us make shortcuts through the masses of data we can never hope to understand. And so we can move forward in uncertainty, which is astonishing. My least favorite things about human beings is the fact that we shortcut the data make all these heuristics and and we tend to move forward in uncertainty and then we get it wrong. So that's obviously the thing which is magical and also just usually trips us up. Okay, before questions from Andrew and Matthew I'll just take this first question from one of the attendees. What is the relationship between sense maker and the other diagram with green blue red and arrows I think you showed some diagram really. Yeah so basically those patterns they can measure the distance from each of the corners of the triad. And then they can measure the axis so that's one of the axes so there's one to and then the depth is a third actually, and they play with them and see if they can make patterns emerge and you can sometimes see you know all the people telling positive stories have one pattern, all the people telling negative stories have another pattern so can we move those negative stories in a positive direction. So if you if you look for cognitive edge sense maker you'll find there's there's kind of demos that they've got they've got more information about us on their side. I do not work for cognitive edge they get a lot of free advertising from the SDS. Go do the homework. Do they have tooling for it sorry do they have tooling. Yes, there's tooling for it. Yeah, yeah. One of the things they're most proud about is they've got it working on kind of iPad so they can put iPads in the street, you know, on a building or they can give iPads to communities, and they get thousands on thousands on thousands of these stories, large populations. So it's a way of getting you know when I talked to Andrew about you know are you hearing any stories coming in in that custom Genesis space it's worth seeing those weak signals with mass, so they call it mass sense making. I mean I'm blown away by it I'm absolutely blown away by it. I've had to go and find out about it. I'm just going to take away. Matthew Andrew they have a question for Liz. I'm thinking about a lot of things. Before that maybe we can pull up this other question. So someone's just thanking you for the talk Liz and his question is, and this is Harry. So what are the maps I could give more choices to someone in few choices or just help you better understand the few choices that they have. Yeah, what do maps don't actually do anything on their own that's the problem it's people who do it. So, you know, while I was putting this talk together I was, I was reflecting on the fact that I'm British and historically our relationship towards that has been to try and work out how much of it we can own. So, that's really very good right that that's a Korean choices for ourselves at the expense of everybody that our imperialist mindset has taken over. So I apologize on behalf of every you know I'm British I'm sorry about that. I think that it's a tool for letting you see where your choices are, and if you're ethically minded and sound, you will do good with them. So, but do reflect. I think we all have I talked about these heuristics these cognitive biases we have. There's a thing called the Harvard implicit bias, Harvard implicit bias test, which helps you measure biases in your brain. And I found that I have no racism, but I had a jism. I thought that all old people were sick. And so the idea of giving old people opportunities in life never really occurred to me because they're sick and they're going to die. Why would I need to do that. I had to deliberately go out and find older role models to counter what I have found in my brain. So if you want to ensure that you are offering really countering those biases that will prevent you from using maps in the right way, because you are biased. Go seek out role models. Go watch talks by people who represent things that are not you. I think that we I've started doing that and I found it has helped a lot. So I'm ashamed of the biases in my head. I don't want them. I didn't put them there. I don't. I'm a free will skeptic. So I think that it's nature and nurture. We're either born with stuff in our heads, or we develop it through our lives. It's not our fault. But if we do get the opportunity, you know, in as much as free will is a useful illusion. It's on us to go do something about it. That's a very good point, especially this time when we're talking about diversity, equity and inclusion. Yeah, so I always say, you know, it's a matter of educating people, educating ourselves and other people as well. That's how we get there. So Matthew or Andrew, who's going to ask the next question for Liz. Go ahead, Matthew. So I want to just loop back a little bit and talk about the inertia. I'll ask you a question about the inertia because I think you're absolutely spot on with that. And I've obviously, obviously I love your redrawing of the map, right? Clearly, that's it's right in my sweet spot for things that I love maps, all kinds of maps, especially that kind of map. I'm surprised my partner who loves maps even more than me didn't detect that you brought up a map like that. But in a boringly business presentation context, how do you think we get the same power of expression as you got with that map with a standard template? Because the big black box doesn't the big black bar represents a barrier rather than the jelly we're wading through. So how do you think we might visualize that jelly? So one of the things that I've been looking at is constraints mapping. So this is again comes from Dave Snowden's world. So looking at what constraints are in place. So they talk about two types of constraints. Context free constraints, which governing and fixed constraints. So a fixed constraint is like you put a plug in the wall. There's only one way to do it, right? You can't get it wrong because, okay. So governing constraints are ones which apply regardless of context. So they are rules. They are always there. They, you know, do not go across the red light. It's not safe. But a contextual constraint and enabling constraints has some permeability. It has some ways of getting through it. So if I'm finding there is chaos with no constraints and everybody's going, ah, you can look at it and go, okay, what constraints could we put in place to enable? Better stuff to happen because fire burns until it meets constraints. It's what causes chaos, right? So putting constraints in place can sometimes help bring the chaos into place. Simultaneously, you can look at are we having problems moving because the constraints are too strict? Because there is no permeability. Can we get an escape hatch through them? So I work in technology and I ask questions like, well, look, what would it take to not have to go through the cab process before release? If we managed to get six months of monthly bug free releases with no significant bugs, no showstoppers, would you let us start releasing more frequently without going through cab? Like can we do some minor changes? If we've got rollback and we can roll back. I was talking to about this to somebody and I said, you know, well, have you got good rollback? Because then if you do make a mistake, you roll back, it's not a big deal. They're like, you can't roll back here. That's a really bad thing to have to do. I'm like, but that's the safety net that underpins the whole of DevOps, you know, and they don't see it as a safety net. They see it as an acknowledgement that you made an error. So there's a cultural change there that needs to shift. And the inertia around culture is just massive, you know, you can start looking at where the culture is shifting or where it's stable and where there's no way it's a bank. You're never going to change it, you know. And you can start seeing those paths through the mountain ranges. And if you see somebody's managed to make a path through the mountain range, that's what we call disposition. So that means that other similar stories are likely to land and not be rejected because somebody's already managed to get there. You know that there is a path. So you send other people along the same path and see if you can, you can amplify the working probe and can have in terms. So yeah, I've definitely done a lot of constraint mapping with people. I've definitely worked to make constraints permeable. I've helped people recognize where their constraints are and some of them sometimes they're self imposed. Because you know, our heads. So that's one of the things I would do. Okay, I think we're going to wrap up the session with the last question maybe from Andrea. Yeah, I'm fascinated about all the ideas that Liz brought in. I was just wondering how can I hook in the sense making storytelling structure because even if I've read about this framework, I was not aware that this is happening. It was not, it was not for me in any way in shape or form, a way of collecting stories of which we try to make sense. So the poor man's version is to go talk to people, you know, go, go on the ground, go listen to what people are saying. They've got so cognitive edge have some other methods, some of which are freely available as soon as you're not trying to sell them like a consultant, which what I do. Things like narrative circles. So there's ways of going around and collecting these stories and the important thing is, you don't act as the middle person. You don't act as an intermediary you introduce the decision makers with the stories being told always. As much as possible you keep that facilitative mindset as somebody in the middle, right, and just get the decision makers to see the stories. And ideally get the people who are telling the stories to contribute to those decisions. I'm fairly new to this so I'm hoping I'm getting this right but you know to chat with Dave and some other people because I'm. Everybody keeps telling me I'm an expert in this and I don't feel like one. Yeah, but my way, as I said was linking to the Twitter API, putting lots of hashtags that I sort of relevant extracting tweets, and then basically creating that type of clusters, you know, with with algorithms, what people talk about how do they cluster, and so on. So I was not aware that there is a more evolved form of that so that I would happily not rediscover the wheel. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Okay, well thanks everyone. Thanks Matthew. Thanks Andrew. Thanks Liz for joining us in this session. And obviously this is our fourth year and people come back in every year and speakers like yourselves in our idea and always see you present and thank you very much for that. So folks are watching, we're going to move on to the networking I think that's an hour networking after this. So we'll see you there. And of course, our speakers are going to be, you know, there as well mingling well virtually with with all of you. So see you at the networking session and see you back at 12 noon UK time for the next set of talks. And thank you very much. Bye.", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 8.0, 'text': ' Hi everyone, good morning and welcome to the square window, the first block of the square window.', 'tokens': [50364, 2421, 1518, 11, 665, 2446, 293, 2928, 281, 264, 3732, 4910, 11, 264, 700, 3461, 295, 264, 3732, 4910, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20423060591502856, 'compression_ratio': 1.6888888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18400812149047852}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 8.0, 'end': 15.0, 'text': " And this morning we're going to be looking at and talking about the theme, can maps do good.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 341, 2446, 321, 434, 516, 281, 312, 1237, 412, 293, 1417, 466, 264, 6314, 11, 393, 11317, 360, 665, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20423060591502856, 'compression_ratio': 1.6888888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18400812149047852}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 15.0, 'end': 21.0, 'text': ' And we have three excellent speakers lined up for today. We have Matthew, Andrew and Liz.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 321, 362, 1045, 7103, 9518, 17189, 493, 337, 965, 13, 492, 362, 12434, 11, 10110, 293, 16480, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20423060591502856, 'compression_ratio': 1.6888888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18400812149047852}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 0, 'start': 21.0, 'end': 27.0, 'text': " And I guess, yeah, without further ado, we're going to get started with the first speaker, Matthew.", 'tokens': [51414, 400, 286, 2041, 11, 1338, 11, 1553, 3052, 22450, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 483, 1409, 365, 264, 700, 8145, 11, 12434, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20423060591502856, 'compression_ratio': 1.6888888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18400812149047852}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 2700, 'start': 27.0, 'end': 30.0, 'text': ' So over to you Matthew.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 670, 281, 291, 12434, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16889710059532753, 'compression_ratio': 1.3, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004874511156231165}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 2700, 'start': 30.0, 'end': 36.0, 'text': ' Hi there. Is everybody okay? Can you hear me? Am I still audible? This is good.', 'tokens': [50514, 2421, 456, 13, 1119, 2201, 1392, 30, 1664, 291, 1568, 385, 30, 2012, 286, 920, 41317, 30, 639, 307, 665, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16889710059532753, 'compression_ratio': 1.3, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004874511156231165}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 2700, 'start': 36.0, 'end': 46.0, 'text': ' I apologize, some builders have just decided to start up work outside at 9.30. So if that interrupts things then I shall speak up.', 'tokens': [50814, 286, 12328, 11, 512, 36281, 362, 445, 3047, 281, 722, 493, 589, 2380, 412, 1722, 13, 3446, 13, 407, 498, 300, 12729, 82, 721, 550, 286, 4393, 1710, 493, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16889710059532753, 'compression_ratio': 1.3, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004874511156231165}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 4600, 'start': 46.0, 'end': 58.0, 'text': " So I'm going to be talking on, as you say, on the subject of do maps do good. And I'm going to start out sort of quite abstract and then get a little bit more concrete, if we can.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 312, 1417, 322, 11, 382, 291, 584, 11, 322, 264, 3983, 295, 360, 11317, 360, 665, 13, 400, 286, 478, 516, 281, 722, 484, 1333, 295, 1596, 12649, 293, 550, 483, 257, 707, 857, 544, 9859, 11, 498, 321, 393, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11197769641876221, 'compression_ratio': 1.5665024630541873, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11071128398180008}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 4600, 'start': 58.0, 'end': 68.0, 'text': " And I'll just share a screen. I promise that there are no slides full of dense text.", 'tokens': [50964, 400, 286, 603, 445, 2073, 257, 2568, 13, 286, 6228, 300, 456, 366, 572, 9788, 1577, 295, 18011, 2487, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11197769641876221, 'compression_ratio': 1.5665024630541873, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11071128398180008}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 4600, 'start': 68.0, 'end': 72.0, 'text': " So to answer the question to start with, I'll say no.", 'tokens': [51464, 407, 281, 1867, 264, 1168, 281, 722, 365, 11, 286, 603, 584, 572, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11197769641876221, 'compression_ratio': 1.5665024630541873, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11071128398180008}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 7200, 'start': 72.0, 'end': 79.0, 'text': " I'm going to say that they can't. Why do I say no, they can't. Well, a map is just a model.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 516, 281, 584, 300, 436, 393, 380, 13, 1545, 360, 286, 584, 572, 11, 436, 393, 380, 13, 1042, 11, 257, 4471, 307, 445, 257, 2316, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17241114013049066, 'compression_ratio': 1.6904761904761905, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1943214237689972}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 7200, 'start': 79.0, 'end': 91.0, 'text': " A model isn't an actor in the sense of being able to do good. Doing good is an activity that people in view with some kind of moral value.", 'tokens': [50714, 316, 2316, 1943, 380, 364, 8747, 294, 264, 2020, 295, 885, 1075, 281, 360, 665, 13, 18496, 665, 307, 364, 5191, 300, 561, 294, 1910, 365, 512, 733, 295, 9723, 2158, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17241114013049066, 'compression_ratio': 1.6904761904761905, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1943214237689972}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 7200, 'start': 91.0, 'end': 98.0, 'text': " And so they can't actually do good in and of themselves. They're only a model and they're as useful as you make them useful.", 'tokens': [51314, 400, 370, 436, 393, 380, 767, 360, 665, 294, 293, 295, 2969, 13, 814, 434, 787, 257, 2316, 293, 436, 434, 382, 4420, 382, 291, 652, 552, 4420, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17241114013049066, 'compression_ratio': 1.6904761904761905, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1943214237689972}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 9800, 'start': 98.0, 'end': 111.0, 'text': " They're not as accurate as you make them accurate. This is the thing I like to bang on about all the time. They're a tool and not a sort of end in themselves.", 'tokens': [50364, 814, 434, 406, 382, 8559, 382, 291, 652, 552, 8559, 13, 639, 307, 264, 551, 286, 411, 281, 8550, 322, 466, 439, 264, 565, 13, 814, 434, 257, 2290, 293, 406, 257, 1333, 295, 917, 294, 2969, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1647229543546351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677083333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18632608652114868}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 9800, 'start': 111.0, 'end': 115.0, 'text': " So no, they can't. There we are. Let's stop there.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 572, 11, 436, 393, 380, 13, 821, 321, 366, 13, 961, 311, 1590, 456, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1647229543546351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677083333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18632608652114868}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 9800, 'start': 115.0, 'end': 123.0, 'text': ' Or we could take a slightly sort of less reductive view and say perhaps maybe yes they can.', 'tokens': [51214, 1610, 321, 727, 747, 257, 4748, 1333, 295, 1570, 2783, 20221, 1910, 293, 584, 4317, 1310, 2086, 436, 393, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1647229543546351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5677083333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18632608652114868}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 12300, 'start': 123.0, 'end': 130.0, 'text': " So I think there's a sense of helping us to do good. And that's what I'd like to explore a little bit more in this talk.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 519, 456, 311, 257, 2020, 295, 4315, 505, 281, 360, 665, 13, 400, 300, 311, 437, 286, 1116, 411, 281, 6839, 257, 707, 857, 544, 294, 341, 751, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24476410448551178, 'compression_ratio': 1.4066666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2589794993400574}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 12300, 'start': 130.0, 'end': 141.0, 'text': ' It might it might seem a sort of a glib point, the, you know, can they do good. Yes or no.', 'tokens': [50714, 467, 1062, 309, 1062, 1643, 257, 1333, 295, 257, 1563, 897, 935, 11, 264, 11, 291, 458, 11, 393, 436, 360, 665, 13, 1079, 420, 572, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24476410448551178, 'compression_ratio': 1.4066666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2589794993400574}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 14100, 'start': 141.0, 'end': 156.0, 'text': " But I think it's I think actually the essence of this really and what I'm trying to get at is a framework for how we can do good and what tools we can best use to do that and not only do good but be seen to be doing good.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 286, 519, 309, 311, 286, 519, 767, 264, 12801, 295, 341, 534, 293, 437, 286, 478, 1382, 281, 483, 412, 307, 257, 8388, 337, 577, 321, 393, 360, 665, 293, 437, 3873, 321, 393, 1151, 764, 281, 360, 300, 293, 406, 787, 360, 665, 457, 312, 1612, 281, 312, 884, 665, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07529243644402951, 'compression_ratio': 1.7652582159624413, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6092134118080139}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 14100, 'start': 156.0, 'end': 162.0, 'text': ' And so maybe we should change the question a little bit.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 370, 1310, 321, 820, 1319, 264, 1168, 257, 707, 857, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07529243644402951, 'compression_ratio': 1.7652582159624413, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6092134118080139}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 14100, 'start': 162.0, 'end': 169.0, 'text': ' Not so much can they do good but how can they be used to do good and how do we know what good is.', 'tokens': [51414, 1726, 370, 709, 393, 436, 360, 665, 457, 577, 393, 436, 312, 1143, 281, 360, 665, 293, 577, 360, 321, 458, 437, 665, 307, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07529243644402951, 'compression_ratio': 1.7652582159624413, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6092134118080139}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 16900, 'start': 169.0, 'end': 184.0, 'text': " What I want to do is use a practical example for that. I'm going to use the EU taxonomy for environmental sustainability and the reason I'm going to use that is it's very difficult to say, and I have to say it all the time in my daily life and I get it wrong every single time.", 'tokens': [50364, 708, 286, 528, 281, 360, 307, 764, 257, 8496, 1365, 337, 300, 13, 286, 478, 516, 281, 764, 264, 10887, 3366, 23423, 337, 8303, 16360, 293, 264, 1778, 286, 478, 516, 281, 764, 300, 307, 309, 311, 588, 2252, 281, 584, 11, 293, 286, 362, 281, 584, 309, 439, 264, 565, 294, 452, 5212, 993, 293, 286, 483, 309, 2085, 633, 2167, 565, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09507226489839099, 'compression_ratio': 1.6588235294117648, 'no_speech_prob': 0.038551297038793564}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 16900, 'start': 184.0, 'end': 191.0, 'text': " So you will notice I look down at my notes to make sure I was saying the words right. It's a really good tongue twister have a go at it yourself.", 'tokens': [51114, 407, 291, 486, 3449, 286, 574, 760, 412, 452, 5570, 281, 652, 988, 286, 390, 1566, 264, 2283, 558, 13, 467, 311, 257, 534, 665, 10601, 683, 1964, 362, 257, 352, 412, 309, 1803, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09507226489839099, 'compression_ratio': 1.6588235294117648, 'no_speech_prob': 0.038551297038793564}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 19100, 'start': 191.0, 'end': 204.0, 'text': " So the EU taxonomy for environmental sustainability. Well, it's an EU wide framework for assessing activities and determining whether they are environmentally sustainable.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 10887, 3366, 23423, 337, 8303, 16360, 13, 1042, 11, 309, 311, 364, 10887, 4874, 8388, 337, 34348, 5354, 293, 23751, 1968, 436, 366, 42236, 11235, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17288277365944602, 'compression_ratio': 1.7089201877934272, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8548710942268372}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 19100, 'start': 204.0, 'end': 217.0, 'text': ' It feeds into so called ESG reporting. So environmental sustainability reporting that asset managers and investors and governments and regulators, you know, other interested parties like that.', 'tokens': [51014, 467, 23712, 666, 370, 1219, 12564, 38, 10031, 13, 407, 8303, 16360, 10031, 300, 11999, 14084, 293, 11519, 293, 11280, 293, 37311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 661, 3102, 8265, 411, 300, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17288277365944602, 'compression_ratio': 1.7089201877934272, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8548710942268372}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 21700, 'start': 217.0, 'end': 234.0, 'text': ' It exists because people realize that governments and others were mandating this kind of sustainability reporting, but it was essentially useless, because nobody had any idea what any of the things people were reporting actually meant there was no framework in which,', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 8198, 570, 561, 4325, 300, 11280, 293, 2357, 645, 7411, 990, 341, 733, 295, 16360, 10031, 11, 457, 309, 390, 4476, 14115, 11, 570, 5079, 632, 604, 1558, 437, 604, 295, 264, 721, 561, 645, 10031, 767, 4140, 456, 390, 572, 8388, 294, 597, 11, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16935195922851562, 'compression_ratio': 1.5705882352941176, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4829309582710266}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 23400, 'start': 234.0, 'end': 247.0, 'text': " in which the data was being evaluated, and it was all very ad hoc and descriptive. And actually it's being used the work that is being used beyond the EU and is actually is actually having a global impact.", 'tokens': [50364, 294, 597, 264, 1412, 390, 885, 25509, 11, 293, 309, 390, 439, 588, 614, 16708, 293, 42585, 13, 400, 767, 309, 311, 885, 1143, 264, 589, 300, 307, 885, 1143, 4399, 264, 10887, 293, 307, 767, 307, 767, 1419, 257, 4338, 2712, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17136281112144733, 'compression_ratio': 1.5629139072847682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40085363388061523}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 23400, 'start': 247.0, 'end': 249.0, 'text': " The EU's taken a lead on this.", 'tokens': [51014, 440, 10887, 311, 2726, 257, 1477, 322, 341, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17136281112144733, 'compression_ratio': 1.5629139072847682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40085363388061523}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 24900, 'start': 249.0, 'end': 268.0, 'text': " Now, where this gets interesting for this conversation, I think, is that they have a mechanism for defining what good is in their context for something to be defined as actively sustainable, which is is the good they're trying to achieve.", 'tokens': [50364, 823, 11, 689, 341, 2170, 1880, 337, 341, 3761, 11, 286, 519, 11, 307, 300, 436, 362, 257, 7513, 337, 17827, 437, 665, 307, 294, 641, 4319, 337, 746, 281, 312, 7642, 382, 13022, 11235, 11, 597, 307, 307, 264, 665, 436, 434, 1382, 281, 4584, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1088722546895345, 'compression_ratio': 1.558139534883721, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10465121269226074}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 24900, 'start': 268.0, 'end': 272.0, 'text': ' It has to meet four criteria.', 'tokens': [51314, 467, 575, 281, 1677, 1451, 11101, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1088722546895345, 'compression_ratio': 1.558139534883721, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10465121269226074}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 27200, 'start': 272.0, 'end': 288.0, 'text': " The other criteria are that it must substantially contribute to the objectives. So one of the objectives that they set out they've actually set out for four or five sort of core objectives things like move to a circular economy, recycling and waste management maintenance of a healthy ecosystem", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 661, 11101, 366, 300, 309, 1633, 30797, 10586, 281, 264, 15961, 13, 407, 472, 295, 264, 15961, 300, 436, 992, 484, 436, 600, 767, 992, 484, 337, 1451, 420, 1732, 1333, 295, 4965, 15961, 721, 411, 1286, 281, 257, 16476, 5010, 11, 23363, 293, 5964, 4592, 11258, 295, 257, 4627, 11311, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17505369293555784, 'compression_ratio': 1.8688524590163935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6504475474357605}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 27200, 'start': 288.0, 'end': 297.0, 'text': ' there that sort of core objectives, and whatever an activity does for it to be actively sustainable it has to directly contribute to the benefit of one of those.', 'tokens': [51164, 456, 300, 1333, 295, 4965, 15961, 11, 293, 2035, 364, 5191, 775, 337, 309, 281, 312, 13022, 11235, 309, 575, 281, 3838, 10586, 281, 264, 5121, 295, 472, 295, 729, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17505369293555784, 'compression_ratio': 1.8688524590163935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6504475474357605}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 29700, 'start': 297.0, 'end': 313.0, 'text': " And secondly, it must do no significant harm to the other objectives. So, it's a bit like the Hippocratic Oath. You can't improve your recycling by turning the whole of the Cotswolds into one massive recycling center.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 26246, 11, 309, 1633, 360, 572, 4776, 6491, 281, 264, 661, 15961, 13, 407, 11, 309, 311, 257, 857, 411, 264, 2421, 427, 38883, 422, 998, 13, 509, 393, 380, 3470, 428, 23363, 538, 6246, 264, 1379, 295, 264, 383, 1971, 86, 31518, 666, 472, 5994, 23363, 3056, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15234060640688296, 'compression_ratio': 1.3478260869565217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06091689690947533}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 31300, 'start': 313.0, 'end': 330.0, 'text': ' But it must have compliance with what they call minimum social safeguards. What that means basically, this is actually a set of baseline safeguards that are published by the International Labour Organization.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 309, 1633, 362, 15882, 365, 437, 436, 818, 7285, 2093, 32358, 84, 2287, 13, 708, 300, 1355, 1936, 11, 341, 307, 767, 257, 992, 295, 20518, 32358, 84, 2287, 300, 366, 6572, 538, 264, 9157, 23361, 23979, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13490361945573673, 'compression_ratio': 1.3866666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5311455726623535}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 33000, 'start': 330.0, 'end': 344.0, 'text': " And they're about things like modern slavery and working practices, those kinds of things. And what you must do to be actively compliant is do no harm in this domain beyond the objectives.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 436, 434, 466, 721, 411, 4363, 15641, 293, 1364, 7525, 11, 729, 3685, 295, 721, 13, 400, 437, 291, 1633, 360, 281, 312, 13022, 36248, 307, 360, 572, 6491, 294, 341, 9274, 4399, 264, 15961, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05379099069639694, 'compression_ratio': 1.711297071129707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.41972267627716064}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 33000, 'start': 344.0, 'end': 358.0, 'text': " So you're not required to actively improve modern slavery conditions, for example, but you're required to do no further harm you can't develop your sustainability program by employing an army of slave labor, for example.", 'tokens': [51064, 407, 291, 434, 406, 4739, 281, 13022, 3470, 4363, 15641, 4487, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 457, 291, 434, 4739, 281, 360, 572, 3052, 6491, 291, 393, 380, 1499, 428, 16360, 1461, 538, 3188, 278, 364, 7267, 295, 14777, 5938, 11, 337, 1365, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05379099069639694, 'compression_ratio': 1.711297071129707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.41972267627716064}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 35800, 'start': 358.0, 'end': 368.0, 'text': ' And it has to do what they call comply with the technical screening criteria. Basically, what that means is that you have to provide evidence for the three things above.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 309, 575, 281, 360, 437, 436, 818, 27956, 365, 264, 6191, 17732, 11101, 13, 8537, 11, 437, 300, 1355, 307, 300, 291, 362, 281, 2893, 4467, 337, 264, 1045, 721, 3673, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09514095072160687, 'compression_ratio': 1.5149700598802396, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05580427497625351}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 35800, 'start': 368.0, 'end': 374.0, 'text': " And I think that's a really good way of thinking about doing good in general terms.", 'tokens': [50864, 400, 286, 519, 300, 311, 257, 534, 665, 636, 295, 1953, 466, 884, 665, 294, 2674, 2115, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09514095072160687, 'compression_ratio': 1.5149700598802396, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05580427497625351}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 37400, 'start': 374.0, 'end': 383.0, 'text': ' And these four principles, I think are very generalizable. Define your objectives and the surrounding landscape.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 613, 1451, 9156, 11, 286, 519, 366, 588, 2674, 22395, 13, 9548, 533, 428, 15961, 293, 264, 11498, 9661, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11313095092773437, 'compression_ratio': 1.5593220338983051, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3880440592765808}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 37400, 'start': 383.0, 'end': 393.0, 'text': ' Show how an activity contributes to those objectives. Do no significant harm either to those objectives or the landscape beyond and provide evidence for the above.', 'tokens': [50814, 6895, 577, 364, 5191, 32035, 281, 729, 15961, 13, 1144, 572, 4776, 6491, 2139, 281, 729, 15961, 420, 264, 9661, 4399, 293, 2893, 4467, 337, 264, 3673, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11313095092773437, 'compression_ratio': 1.5593220338983051, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3880440592765808}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 39300, 'start': 393.0, 'end': 410.0, 'text': " And how can mapping help with that? Well, I think it can actually help with all four of those principles because doing good as we've defined it here, and there are plenty of other ways of defining it, but I think this is a good and narrow way of doing that.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 577, 393, 18350, 854, 365, 300, 30, 1042, 11, 286, 519, 309, 393, 767, 854, 365, 439, 1451, 295, 729, 9156, 570, 884, 665, 382, 321, 600, 7642, 309, 510, 11, 293, 456, 366, 7140, 295, 661, 2098, 295, 17827, 309, 11, 457, 286, 519, 341, 307, 257, 665, 293, 9432, 636, 295, 884, 300, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0983921660751593, 'compression_ratio': 1.5297619047619047, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6059760451316833}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 41000, 'start': 410.0, 'end': 418.0, 'text': " Doing good means making change. It means actionable, something that's actionable and something that's measurable from the output of that action.", 'tokens': [50364, 18496, 665, 1355, 1455, 1319, 13, 467, 1355, 45098, 11, 746, 300, 311, 45098, 293, 746, 300, 311, 43615, 490, 264, 5598, 295, 300, 3069, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09962445271166065, 'compression_ratio': 1.7064676616915422, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2021477371454239}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 41000, 'start': 418.0, 'end': 432.0, 'text': " And I don't think that I really need to rehearse in this context that a wardly map is a great way of helping us to describe a status quo, and then to look at the impact of change on that status quo.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 286, 500, 380, 519, 300, 286, 534, 643, 281, 14369, 11668, 294, 341, 4319, 300, 257, 15234, 356, 4471, 307, 257, 869, 636, 295, 4315, 505, 281, 6786, 257, 6558, 28425, 11, 293, 550, 281, 574, 412, 264, 2712, 295, 1319, 322, 300, 6558, 28425, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09962445271166065, 'compression_ratio': 1.7064676616915422, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2021477371454239}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 43200, 'start': 432.0, 'end': 450.0, 'text': " So I've got one here. This is a classic make use, dispose, pollute value chain that humans have been doing since at least the late Mesolithic when we introduced farming.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 600, 658, 472, 510, 13, 639, 307, 257, 7230, 652, 764, 11, 42537, 11, 6418, 1169, 2158, 5021, 300, 6255, 362, 668, 884, 1670, 412, 1935, 264, 3469, 17485, 42878, 562, 321, 7268, 16557, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14024176113847373, 'compression_ratio': 1.486910994764398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.054642051458358765}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 43200, 'start': 450.0, 'end': 458.0, 'text': ' And this is, you know, somebody makes something, we use it, we dispose of it, and that naturally causes pollution.', 'tokens': [51264, 400, 341, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2618, 1669, 746, 11, 321, 764, 309, 11, 321, 42537, 295, 309, 11, 293, 300, 8195, 7700, 16727, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14024176113847373, 'compression_ratio': 1.486910994764398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.054642051458358765}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 45800, 'start': 458.0, 'end': 466.0, 'text': ' And we can also define our future state. The future state that the UTexxonomy is looking for is one of those is a move to a more cyclic economy.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 321, 393, 611, 6964, 527, 2027, 1785, 13, 440, 2027, 1785, 300, 264, 35514, 3121, 87, 266, 8488, 307, 1237, 337, 307, 472, 295, 729, 307, 257, 1286, 281, 257, 544, 38154, 1050, 5010, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16381845068424306, 'compression_ratio': 1.78, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05882605165243149}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 45800, 'start': 466.0, 'end': 471.0, 'text': " So here's an example where we've introduced a couple of cycles.", 'tokens': [50764, 407, 510, 311, 364, 1365, 689, 321, 600, 7268, 257, 1916, 295, 17796, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16381845068424306, 'compression_ratio': 1.78, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05882605165243149}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 45800, 'start': 471.0, 'end': 481.0, 'text': " We've got a make use recycle cycle here. We've got a use reuse up in the sort of consumer space up here cycle. We've got to use remake reuse cycle.", 'tokens': [51014, 492, 600, 658, 257, 652, 764, 32162, 6586, 510, 13, 492, 600, 658, 257, 764, 26225, 493, 294, 264, 1333, 295, 9711, 1901, 493, 510, 6586, 13, 492, 600, 658, 281, 764, 28582, 26225, 6586, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16381845068424306, 'compression_ratio': 1.78, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05882605165243149}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 48100, 'start': 482.0, 'end': 498.0, 'text': " So we've introduced with a couple of extra sort of activities we've introduced, you know, three, three cycles. The other thing I think is worth pointing out here is that for these kinds of doing good maps, I think it's really useful to put your negative value on there as well.", 'tokens': [50414, 407, 321, 600, 7268, 365, 257, 1916, 295, 2857, 1333, 295, 5354, 321, 600, 7268, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1045, 11, 1045, 17796, 13, 440, 661, 551, 286, 519, 307, 3163, 12166, 484, 510, 307, 300, 337, 613, 3685, 295, 884, 665, 11317, 11, 286, 519, 309, 311, 534, 4420, 281, 829, 428, 3671, 2158, 322, 456, 382, 731, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1562656209438662, 'compression_ratio': 1.6047619047619048, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5030760169029236}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 48100, 'start': 498.0, 'end': 504.0, 'text': ' Outcomes, product that is that you actually is undesirable.', 'tokens': [51214, 5925, 9055, 11, 1674, 300, 307, 300, 291, 767, 307, 45667, 21493, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1562656209438662, 'compression_ratio': 1.6047619047619048, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5030760169029236}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 50400, 'start': 504.0, 'end': 508.0, 'text': ' So, and highlighting those undesirable outcomes is really useful.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 293, 26551, 729, 45667, 21493, 10070, 307, 534, 4420, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09167684293260761, 'compression_ratio': 1.4161490683229814, 'no_speech_prob': 0.061411742120981216}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 50400, 'start': 508.0, 'end': 521.0, 'text': " Now we can produce a family of these maps for all of the objectives that we've got within our framework for doing good, and for our sort of surrounding landscape.", 'tokens': [50564, 823, 321, 393, 5258, 257, 1605, 295, 613, 11317, 337, 439, 295, 264, 15961, 300, 321, 600, 658, 1951, 527, 8388, 337, 884, 665, 11, 293, 337, 527, 1333, 295, 11498, 9661, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09167684293260761, 'compression_ratio': 1.4161490683229814, 'no_speech_prob': 0.061411742120981216}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 52100, 'start': 521.0, 'end': 529.0, 'text': " And that gives us a framework, which we can use to model any activity when we decide to determine whether it's going to do good or not.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 2709, 505, 257, 8388, 11, 597, 321, 393, 764, 281, 2316, 604, 5191, 562, 321, 4536, 281, 6997, 1968, 309, 311, 516, 281, 360, 665, 420, 406, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09614307101410215, 'compression_ratio': 1.7231404958677685, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37492215633392334}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 52100, 'start': 529.0, 'end': 537.0, 'text': ' So when we consider the activity, we can take one of those existing models, annotate it and see whether it contributes to this new desired state.', 'tokens': [50764, 407, 562, 321, 1949, 264, 5191, 11, 321, 393, 747, 472, 295, 729, 6741, 5245, 11, 25339, 473, 309, 293, 536, 1968, 309, 32035, 281, 341, 777, 14721, 1785, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09614307101410215, 'compression_ratio': 1.7231404958677685, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37492215633392334}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 52100, 'start': 537.0, 'end': 549.0, 'text': " So, very popular thing curbside recycling, it seems generally a good thing. So let's add curbside recycling to this chart. There we go.", 'tokens': [51164, 407, 11, 588, 3743, 551, 1262, 929, 482, 23363, 11, 309, 2544, 5101, 257, 665, 551, 13, 407, 718, 311, 909, 1262, 929, 482, 23363, 281, 341, 6927, 13, 821, 321, 352, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09614307101410215, 'compression_ratio': 1.7231404958677685, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37492215633392334}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 54900, 'start': 549.0, 'end': 557.0, 'text': " You can see we've got an hour make use recycle, but it doesn't actually seem to have done any good.", 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 536, 321, 600, 658, 364, 1773, 652, 764, 32162, 11, 457, 309, 1177, 380, 767, 1643, 281, 362, 1096, 604, 665, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1294661498651272, 'compression_ratio': 1.7289719626168225, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007580519188195467}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 54900, 'start': 557.0, 'end': 572.0, 'text': " When we add that recycling in, we're actually we're actually causing more pollution, because our curbside recycling mechanism is a net contributor is not carbon neutral with with the way we're collecting things with lorries and things and actually processing the output.", 'tokens': [50764, 1133, 321, 909, 300, 23363, 294, 11, 321, 434, 767, 321, 434, 767, 9853, 544, 16727, 11, 570, 527, 1262, 929, 482, 23363, 7513, 307, 257, 2533, 42859, 307, 406, 5954, 10598, 365, 365, 264, 636, 321, 434, 12510, 721, 365, 287, 284, 2244, 293, 721, 293, 767, 9007, 264, 5598, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1294661498651272, 'compression_ratio': 1.7289719626168225, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007580519188195467}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 57200, 'start': 572.0, 'end': 582.0, 'text': " There's no downstream consumer of that recycling, it just goes it just adds an extra complication into the make use dispose pollute cycle.", 'tokens': [50364, 821, 311, 572, 30621, 9711, 295, 300, 23363, 11, 309, 445, 1709, 309, 445, 10860, 364, 2857, 1209, 8758, 666, 264, 652, 764, 42537, 6418, 1169, 6586, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11138751143116062, 'compression_ratio': 1.4463276836158192, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020703885704278946}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 57200, 'start': 582.0, 'end': 591.0, 'text': " And that's a really interesting point if we look at our desired outcomes here. It's only when we introduce that loop.", 'tokens': [50864, 400, 300, 311, 257, 534, 1880, 935, 498, 321, 574, 412, 527, 14721, 10070, 510, 13, 467, 311, 787, 562, 321, 5366, 300, 6367, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11138751143116062, 'compression_ratio': 1.4463276836158192, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020703885704278946}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 59100, 'start': 591.0, 'end': 606.0, 'text': " That that cyclical part of the process that we drive towards a desired outcome. So, the curbside recycling is only a positive contributor to that to that loop, if it's performed in conjunction with another action.", 'tokens': [50364, 663, 300, 19474, 804, 644, 295, 264, 1399, 300, 321, 3332, 3030, 257, 14721, 9700, 13, 407, 11, 264, 1262, 929, 482, 23363, 307, 787, 257, 3353, 42859, 281, 300, 281, 300, 6367, 11, 498, 309, 311, 10332, 294, 27482, 365, 1071, 3069, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17179201794909194, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2242216169834137}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 59100, 'start': 606.0, 'end': 617.0, 'text': ' And then then it does become a good then it becomes if we if for example add modeling for our aluminium recycling supply chain into this.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 550, 550, 309, 775, 1813, 257, 665, 550, 309, 3643, 498, 321, 498, 337, 1365, 909, 15983, 337, 527, 35239, 23363, 5847, 5021, 666, 341, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17179201794909194, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2242216169834137}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 61700, 'start': 617.0, 'end': 632.0, 'text': " And then we can see that that is a way of enabling curve side recycling is a good. Now, wall v maps are really good for showing these kinds of dependencies and they're often the kind of unintended consequences from what we perceive as a good.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 321, 393, 536, 300, 300, 307, 257, 636, 295, 23148, 7605, 1252, 23363, 307, 257, 665, 13, 823, 11, 2929, 371, 11317, 366, 534, 665, 337, 4099, 613, 3685, 295, 36606, 293, 436, 434, 2049, 264, 733, 295, 49902, 10098, 490, 437, 321, 20281, 382, 257, 665, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18040669405901874, 'compression_ratio': 1.5031055900621118, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06952669471502304}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 63200, 'start': 632.0, 'end': 644.0, 'text': " So, we can bring those and bring them out and show us where our assumptions are falling down because we're not actually we're not actually mapping that action into our into our overall set of objectives.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 321, 393, 1565, 729, 293, 1565, 552, 484, 293, 855, 505, 689, 527, 17695, 366, 7440, 760, 570, 321, 434, 406, 767, 321, 434, 406, 767, 18350, 300, 3069, 666, 527, 666, 527, 4787, 992, 295, 15961, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19962276111949573, 'compression_ratio': 1.7154471544715446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8313543200492859}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 63200, 'start': 644.0, 'end': 660.0, 'text': " Now, of course, this is very high level, but even at this very high level. It's a really useful tool. And, and this comes back to my point right back at the beginning, you don't need the end degree of detail to reveal.", 'tokens': [50964, 823, 11, 295, 1164, 11, 341, 307, 588, 1090, 1496, 11, 457, 754, 412, 341, 588, 1090, 1496, 13, 467, 311, 257, 534, 4420, 2290, 13, 400, 11, 293, 341, 1487, 646, 281, 452, 935, 558, 646, 412, 264, 2863, 11, 291, 500, 380, 643, 264, 917, 4314, 295, 2607, 281, 10658, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19962276111949573, 'compression_ratio': 1.7154471544715446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8313543200492859}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 66000, 'start': 660.0, 'end': 669.0, 'text': " What's, of your, of your value chain whether that's that's, you know, that's doing good or or any other desirable outcome.", 'tokens': [50364, 708, 311, 11, 295, 428, 11, 295, 428, 2158, 5021, 1968, 300, 311, 300, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 300, 311, 884, 665, 420, 420, 604, 661, 30533, 9700, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14786141197960656, 'compression_ratio': 1.803088803088803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1431378871202469}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 66000, 'start': 669.0, 'end': 677.0, 'text': " It's actually better to start at a very high level, and then drill in if you need more information to understand what's going on.", 'tokens': [50814, 467, 311, 767, 1101, 281, 722, 412, 257, 588, 1090, 1496, 11, 293, 550, 11392, 294, 498, 291, 643, 544, 1589, 281, 1223, 437, 311, 516, 322, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14786141197960656, 'compression_ratio': 1.803088803088803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1431378871202469}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 66000, 'start': 677.0, 'end': 689.0, 'text': " And actually that's where we might come into the next bit, because one of the hardest areas, one of the hardest areas to deal with when doing good is providing the evidence that we are doing good and doing no harm.", 'tokens': [51214, 400, 767, 300, 311, 689, 321, 1062, 808, 666, 264, 958, 857, 11, 570, 472, 295, 264, 13158, 3179, 11, 472, 295, 264, 13158, 3179, 281, 2028, 365, 562, 884, 665, 307, 6530, 264, 4467, 300, 321, 366, 884, 665, 293, 884, 572, 6491, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14786141197960656, 'compression_ratio': 1.803088803088803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1431378871202469}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 68900, 'start': 690.0, 'end': 699.0, 'text': " The model is all very well it shows you what you assume to be the case. And, you know, you're, you're, you're intelligent people doing research.", 'tokens': [50414, 440, 2316, 307, 439, 588, 731, 309, 3110, 291, 437, 291, 6552, 281, 312, 264, 1389, 13, 400, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 434, 11, 291, 434, 11, 291, 434, 13232, 561, 884, 2132, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13943523084613638, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706586826347305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012267149053514004}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 68900, 'start': 699.0, 'end': 708.0, 'text': " And, you know, you've probably got a good model that's that's that fits the expectations of all those who are involved in modeling it.", 'tokens': [50864, 400, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 600, 1391, 658, 257, 665, 2316, 300, 311, 300, 311, 300, 9001, 264, 9843, 295, 439, 729, 567, 366, 3288, 294, 15983, 309, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13943523084613638, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706586826347305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012267149053514004}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 70800, 'start': 708.0, 'end': 714.0, 'text': ' How do you evidence that the model, the model is meeting your requirements.', 'tokens': [50364, 1012, 360, 291, 4467, 300, 264, 2316, 11, 264, 2316, 307, 3440, 428, 7728, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29739588185360555, 'compression_ratio': 1.056338028169014, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23687641322612762}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 71400, 'start': 714.0, 'end': 722.0, 'text': ' And, and warden maps, I think, provide a very interesting tool for providing that evidence because they help you to find the dependencies in the system.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 11, 293, 15234, 268, 11317, 11, 286, 519, 11, 2893, 257, 588, 1880, 2290, 337, 6530, 300, 4467, 570, 436, 854, 291, 281, 915, 264, 36606, 294, 264, 1185, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.6, 'avg_logprob': -0.22035512288411457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6527777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12284489721059799}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 71400, 'start': 722.0, 'end': 735.0, 'text': " We found that the big challenge when you do that is that actually many systems and perhaps even most don't actually have information flows within them that enable you to gather the evidence that you need.", 'tokens': [50764, 492, 1352, 300, 264, 955, 3430, 562, 291, 360, 300, 307, 300, 767, 867, 3652, 293, 4317, 754, 881, 500, 380, 767, 362, 1589, 12867, 1951, 552, 300, 9528, 291, 281, 5448, 264, 4467, 300, 291, 643, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.6, 'avg_logprob': -0.22035512288411457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6527777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12284489721059799}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 73500, 'start': 736.0, 'end': 742.0, 'text': " And, you know, when we look back at the wall, the doctrine and say, you know, right back at the beginning, we're trying to buy us towards evidence.", 'tokens': [50414, 400, 11, 291, 458, 11, 562, 321, 574, 646, 412, 264, 2929, 11, 264, 23290, 293, 584, 11, 291, 458, 11, 558, 646, 412, 264, 2863, 11, 321, 434, 1382, 281, 2256, 505, 3030, 4467, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14519727109658598, 'compression_ratio': 1.673913043478261, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6621905565261841}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 73500, 'start': 742.0, 'end': 747.0, 'text': " That's a bit of a fundamental flaw that we need to sort out before any of this is useful.", 'tokens': [50714, 663, 311, 257, 857, 295, 257, 8088, 13717, 300, 321, 643, 281, 1333, 484, 949, 604, 295, 341, 307, 4420, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14519727109658598, 'compression_ratio': 1.673913043478261, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6621905565261841}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 73500, 'start': 747.0, 'end': 757.0, 'text': " And it's actually one of the big challenges for the taxonomy right now is that is they've got a they've got a lot of really great, great structure.", 'tokens': [50964, 400, 309, 311, 767, 472, 295, 264, 955, 4759, 337, 264, 3366, 23423, 558, 586, 307, 300, 307, 436, 600, 658, 257, 436, 600, 658, 257, 688, 295, 534, 869, 11, 869, 3877, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14519727109658598, 'compression_ratio': 1.673913043478261, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6621905565261841}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 75700, 'start': 757.0, 'end': 773.0, 'text': " But we're not yet at the point where we understand the evidence. Now, when this is a this is a model on the left here, and that we produce in a workshop with a client that as part of a sustainable finance initiative that I'm involved with.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 321, 434, 406, 1939, 412, 264, 935, 689, 321, 1223, 264, 4467, 13, 823, 11, 562, 341, 307, 257, 341, 307, 257, 2316, 322, 264, 1411, 510, 11, 293, 300, 321, 5258, 294, 257, 13541, 365, 257, 6423, 300, 382, 644, 295, 257, 11235, 10719, 11552, 300, 286, 478, 3288, 365, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14445606030915914, 'compression_ratio': 1.5126582278481013, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08310788869857788}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 77300, 'start': 773.0, 'end': 790.0, 'text': ' And that left hand side is a very, very simple model of primary production in in agriculture. And what we realized was that while there were financial information flows throughout that system as they very often are the the', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 1411, 1011, 1252, 307, 257, 588, 11, 588, 2199, 2316, 295, 6194, 4265, 294, 294, 14837, 13, 400, 437, 321, 5334, 390, 300, 1339, 456, 645, 4669, 1589, 12867, 3710, 300, 1185, 382, 436, 588, 2049, 366, 264, 264, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16111761728922527, 'compression_ratio': 1.510204081632653, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012839044444262981}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 79000, 'start': 790.0, 'end': 798.0, 'text': ' the actuaries have got a very good at financial risk over the years and most systems have that financial risk deeply embedded within them.', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 605, 84, 4889, 362, 658, 257, 588, 665, 412, 4669, 3148, 670, 264, 924, 293, 881, 3652, 362, 300, 4669, 3148, 8760, 16741, 1951, 552, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1355089075425092, 'compression_ratio': 1.8070175438596492, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2619968354701996}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 79000, 'start': 798.0, 'end': 809.0, 'text': " But there wasn't a lot of information about anything else if the goods we're looking at are trying to mitigate soil starvation or pollution or environmental destruction.", 'tokens': [50764, 583, 456, 2067, 380, 257, 688, 295, 1589, 466, 1340, 1646, 498, 264, 10179, 321, 434, 1237, 412, 366, 1382, 281, 27336, 6704, 3543, 11116, 420, 16727, 420, 8303, 13563, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1355089075425092, 'compression_ratio': 1.8070175438596492, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2619968354701996}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 79000, 'start': 809.0, 'end': 815.0, 'text': ' We need some way of measuring those things and we need some way of measuring those things consistently.', 'tokens': [51314, 492, 643, 512, 636, 295, 13389, 729, 721, 293, 321, 643, 512, 636, 295, 13389, 729, 721, 14961, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1355089075425092, 'compression_ratio': 1.8070175438596492, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2619968354701996}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 81500, 'start': 815.0, 'end': 826.0, 'text': ' And the, you know, where we also discovered that there are very few incentives for driving that information through the system.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 11, 291, 458, 11, 689, 321, 611, 6941, 300, 456, 366, 588, 1326, 23374, 337, 4840, 300, 1589, 807, 264, 1185, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12997046812081042, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981981981981982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07837245613336563}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 81500, 'start': 826.0, 'end': 841.0, 'text': " And another view of this world, another another way that's another map that is useful in this context, particularly in the terms of doing good is what is the value flow we know where we want to get to but we don't understand what the value exchanges", 'tokens': [50914, 400, 1071, 1910, 295, 341, 1002, 11, 1071, 1071, 636, 300, 311, 1071, 4471, 300, 307, 4420, 294, 341, 4319, 11, 4098, 294, 264, 2115, 295, 884, 665, 307, 437, 307, 264, 2158, 3095, 321, 458, 689, 321, 528, 281, 483, 281, 457, 321, 500, 380, 1223, 437, 264, 2158, 27374, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12997046812081042, 'compression_ratio': 1.6981981981981982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07837245613336563}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 84100, 'start': 841.0, 'end': 848.0, 'text': ' are throughout that process that encourage people to participate in in that process of good.', 'tokens': [50364, 366, 3710, 300, 1399, 300, 5373, 561, 281, 8197, 294, 294, 300, 1399, 295, 665, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17513414413209946, 'compression_ratio': 1.672514619883041, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11385460197925568}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 84100, 'start': 848.0, 'end': 859.0, 'text': ' And another thing that we then went to do we that we move so when we were trying to explore this further, we produced the diagram on the right which is what how is the reporting done right now.', 'tokens': [50714, 400, 1071, 551, 300, 321, 550, 1437, 281, 360, 321, 300, 321, 1286, 370, 562, 321, 645, 1382, 281, 6839, 341, 3052, 11, 321, 7126, 264, 10686, 322, 264, 558, 597, 307, 437, 577, 307, 264, 10031, 1096, 558, 586, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17513414413209946, 'compression_ratio': 1.672514619883041, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11385460197925568}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 85900, 'start': 859.0, 'end': 875.0, 'text': " How is the taxonomy done has a technology encourage reporting. And what we discovered was that almost all of the elements in that are unconnected that they have no path of connection in that reporting chain there's no chain of evidence.", 'tokens': [50364, 1012, 307, 264, 3366, 23423, 1096, 575, 257, 2899, 5373, 10031, 13, 400, 437, 321, 6941, 390, 300, 1920, 439, 295, 264, 4959, 294, 300, 366, 517, 9826, 292, 300, 436, 362, 572, 3100, 295, 4984, 294, 300, 10031, 5021, 456, 311, 572, 5021, 295, 4467, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21286173427806182, 'compression_ratio': 1.5629139072847682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4712998569011688}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 87500, 'start': 875.0, 'end': 897.0, 'text': ' And so we have a way of demonstrating the reliability of the evidence being passed from one point in the chain to another. And then there are very few ways of defining what the, the way in which that evidence should be interpreted and very few feedback loops to validate and process at any level in the system.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 321, 362, 257, 636, 295, 29889, 264, 24550, 295, 264, 4467, 885, 4678, 490, 472, 935, 294, 264, 5021, 281, 1071, 13, 400, 550, 456, 366, 588, 1326, 2098, 295, 17827, 437, 264, 11, 264, 636, 294, 597, 300, 4467, 820, 312, 26749, 293, 588, 1326, 5824, 16121, 281, 29562, 293, 1399, 412, 604, 1496, 294, 264, 1185, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23954087770902194, 'compression_ratio': 1.6145833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6993617415428162}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 89700, 'start': 897.0, 'end': 920.0, 'text': " And so we did this to other systems we realized that this was pretty common to, and it's only the people participating in the workshop had never done any warning mapping before. It's only when we produced a map like this, that they understood how deeply disconnected, everything was, and, and the scale of the problem that we were trying to solve.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 321, 630, 341, 281, 661, 3652, 321, 5334, 300, 341, 390, 1238, 2689, 281, 11, 293, 309, 311, 787, 264, 561, 13950, 294, 264, 13541, 632, 1128, 1096, 604, 9164, 18350, 949, 13, 467, 311, 787, 562, 321, 7126, 257, 4471, 411, 341, 11, 300, 436, 7320, 577, 8760, 29426, 11, 1203, 390, 11, 293, 11, 293, 264, 4373, 295, 264, 1154, 300, 321, 645, 1382, 281, 5039, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3044036610921224, 'compression_ratio': 1.591743119266055, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5849431157112122}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 92000, 'start': 920.0, 'end': 941.0, 'text': " So what do we do. Well, I do think it's, I do think it's actually quite simple and it does come back to those four principles that I outlined at the surface, the conversation here to do good, we need to define our objectives what's in scope and we need to define us surrounding landscape what's out of scope but which we", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 360, 321, 360, 13, 1042, 11, 286, 360, 519, 309, 311, 11, 286, 360, 519, 309, 311, 767, 1596, 2199, 293, 309, 775, 808, 646, 281, 729, 1451, 9156, 300, 286, 27412, 412, 264, 3753, 11, 264, 3761, 510, 281, 360, 665, 11, 321, 643, 281, 6964, 527, 15961, 437, 311, 294, 11923, 293, 321, 643, 281, 6964, 505, 11498, 9661, 437, 311, 484, 295, 11923, 457, 597, 321, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1567437744140625, 'compression_ratio': 1.6580310880829014, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6053462028503418}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 94100, 'start': 941.0, 'end': 961.0, 'text': " are in the area in which we must do no harm. When we're looking at an activity, we need to show how it actively contributes to those objectives, and how it actively does no harm and we need a model for driving the evidence the chain of evidence through that system to ensure that we're doing it, because we need to be able to provide the evidence for that.", 'tokens': [50364, 366, 294, 264, 1859, 294, 597, 321, 1633, 360, 572, 6491, 13, 1133, 321, 434, 1237, 412, 364, 5191, 11, 321, 643, 281, 855, 577, 309, 13022, 32035, 281, 729, 15961, 11, 293, 577, 309, 13022, 775, 572, 6491, 293, 321, 643, 257, 2316, 337, 4840, 264, 4467, 264, 5021, 295, 4467, 807, 300, 1185, 281, 5586, 300, 321, 434, 884, 309, 11, 570, 321, 643, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 2893, 264, 4467, 337, 300, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15598341226577758, 'compression_ratio': 1.7536945812807883, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3620961606502533}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 96100, 'start': 961.0, 'end': 977.0, 'text': " Otherwise, we have no idea whether whether whether whether we're actually achieving our goal. Sometimes that's often the most visible part, but the doing the significant harm elsewhere that's obviously often the most invisible part of the process.", 'tokens': [50364, 10328, 11, 321, 362, 572, 1558, 1968, 1968, 1968, 1968, 321, 434, 767, 19626, 527, 3387, 13, 4803, 300, 311, 2049, 264, 881, 8974, 644, 11, 457, 264, 884, 264, 4776, 6491, 14517, 300, 311, 2745, 2049, 264, 881, 14603, 644, 295, 264, 1399, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14636100068384286, 'compression_ratio': 1.6466666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5397639274597168}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 97700, 'start': 977.0, 'end': 993.0, 'text': " And we use maps to define what the less good to good transition looks like, and make sure that we include those negative outcomes as value on the map. And that's my conversation for the day. I hope that's a good conversation starter.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 321, 764, 11317, 281, 6964, 437, 264, 1570, 665, 281, 665, 6034, 1542, 411, 11, 293, 652, 988, 300, 321, 4090, 729, 3671, 10070, 382, 2158, 322, 264, 4471, 13, 400, 300, 311, 452, 3761, 337, 264, 786, 13, 286, 1454, 300, 311, 257, 665, 3761, 22465, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16808080673217773, 'compression_ratio': 1.5707317073170732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.184767484664917}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 97700, 'start': 993.0, 'end': 999.0, 'text': ' And, and we can take it from there.', 'tokens': [51164, 400, 11, 293, 321, 393, 747, 309, 490, 456, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16808080673217773, 'compression_ratio': 1.5707317073170732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.184767484664917}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 97700, 'start': 999.0, 'end': 1004.0, 'text': ' Great. Thank you Matthew. That was a very good talk.', 'tokens': [51464, 3769, 13, 1044, 291, 12434, 13, 663, 390, 257, 588, 665, 751, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16808080673217773, 'compression_ratio': 1.5707317073170732, 'no_speech_prob': 0.184767484664917}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 100400, 'start': 1004.0, 'end': 1007.0, 'text': ' Not too messy every time either.', 'tokens': [50364, 1726, 886, 16191, 633, 565, 2139, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1942181642028107, 'compression_ratio': 1.516431924882629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0706595629453659}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 100400, 'start': 1007.0, 'end': 1009.0, 'text': " No, you're good.", 'tokens': [50514, 883, 11, 291, 434, 665, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1942181642028107, 'compression_ratio': 1.516431924882629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0706595629453659}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 100400, 'start': 1009.0, 'end': 1019.0, 'text': " And we're just going to wait for a lia's to come back with the video.", 'tokens': [50614, 400, 321, 434, 445, 516, 281, 1699, 337, 257, 375, 64, 311, 281, 808, 646, 365, 264, 960, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1942181642028107, 'compression_ratio': 1.516431924882629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0706595629453659}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 100400, 'start': 1019.0, 'end': 1024.0, 'text': " Okay, I think I'm going to get started with the first question.", 'tokens': [51114, 1033, 11, 286, 519, 286, 478, 516, 281, 483, 1409, 365, 264, 700, 1168, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1942181642028107, 'compression_ratio': 1.516431924882629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0706595629453659}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 100400, 'start': 1024.0, 'end': 1033.0, 'text': ' So in the context of the EU taxonomy is this approach more about persuading people that you are doing good rather than actually doing good.', 'tokens': [51364, 407, 294, 264, 4319, 295, 264, 10887, 3366, 23423, 307, 341, 3109, 544, 466, 16336, 8166, 561, 300, 291, 366, 884, 665, 2831, 813, 767, 884, 665, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1942181642028107, 'compression_ratio': 1.516431924882629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0706595629453659}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 103300, 'start': 1033.0, 'end': 1036.0, 'text': ' That is an interesting question.', 'tokens': [50364, 663, 307, 364, 1880, 1168, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15025299787521362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6493506493506493, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029132572934031487}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 103300, 'start': 1036.0, 'end': 1046.0, 'text': ' In the context of the taxonomy. I think there are, there are all this is this is in this gets into the reasons why we choose to do good. Right.', 'tokens': [50514, 682, 264, 4319, 295, 264, 3366, 23423, 13, 286, 519, 456, 366, 11, 456, 366, 439, 341, 307, 341, 307, 294, 341, 2170, 666, 264, 4112, 983, 321, 2826, 281, 360, 665, 13, 1779, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15025299787521362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6493506493506493, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029132572934031487}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 103300, 'start': 1046.0, 'end': 1051.0, 'text': ' Sometimes we choose to do good because we actively want to do something good.', 'tokens': [51014, 4803, 321, 2826, 281, 360, 665, 570, 321, 13022, 528, 281, 360, 746, 665, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15025299787521362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6493506493506493, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029132572934031487}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 105100, 'start': 1051.0, 'end': 1063.0, 'text': " Sometimes we choose to do good because someone is standing with a big stick behind us, telling us that we need to do good. And sometimes we do good because we're worried about how other people perceive us.", 'tokens': [50364, 4803, 321, 2826, 281, 360, 665, 570, 1580, 307, 4877, 365, 257, 955, 2897, 2261, 505, 11, 3585, 505, 300, 321, 643, 281, 360, 665, 13, 400, 2171, 321, 360, 665, 570, 321, 434, 5804, 466, 577, 661, 561, 20281, 505, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12606483377436156, 'compression_ratio': 1.7873303167420815, 'no_speech_prob': 0.722797155380249}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 105100, 'start': 1063.0, 'end': 1080.0, 'text': " And, and all those reasons for doing good are good reasons for doing good. Right. I don't, you know, there's a, there's a, there's obviously there's some room for philosophical wiggle here.", 'tokens': [50964, 400, 11, 293, 439, 729, 4112, 337, 884, 665, 366, 665, 4112, 337, 884, 665, 13, 1779, 13, 286, 500, 380, 11, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 257, 11, 456, 311, 257, 11, 456, 311, 2745, 456, 311, 512, 1808, 337, 25066, 33377, 510, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12606483377436156, 'compression_ratio': 1.7873303167420815, 'no_speech_prob': 0.722797155380249}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 108000, 'start': 1080.0, 'end': 1091.0, 'text': " But, but I think that I think that actually, when we do good, it's for a combination of all those reasons we like to feel good about doing good we actually want to improve things.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 11, 457, 286, 519, 300, 286, 519, 300, 767, 11, 562, 321, 360, 665, 11, 309, 311, 337, 257, 6562, 295, 439, 729, 4112, 321, 411, 281, 841, 665, 466, 884, 665, 321, 767, 528, 281, 3470, 721, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12735495422825668, 'compression_ratio': 1.5476190476190477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02023104578256607}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 108000, 'start': 1091.0, 'end': 1097.0, 'text': " We fear what happens if we don't do good, whether that's intrinsic or extrinsic.", 'tokens': [50914, 492, 4240, 437, 2314, 498, 321, 500, 380, 360, 665, 11, 1968, 300, 311, 35698, 420, 16455, 1292, 299, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12735495422825668, 'compression_ratio': 1.5476190476190477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02023104578256607}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 109700, 'start': 1097.0, 'end': 1112.0, 'text': ' And the only way in which as a society, we can do good is if we can bring other people along with us. And so this evidence and persuasion part is an important part of any process of doing good.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 787, 636, 294, 597, 382, 257, 4086, 11, 321, 393, 360, 665, 307, 498, 321, 393, 1565, 661, 561, 2051, 365, 505, 13, 400, 370, 341, 4467, 293, 16336, 6822, 644, 307, 364, 1021, 644, 295, 604, 1399, 295, 884, 665, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07352768381436665, 'compression_ratio': 1.4296296296296296, 'no_speech_prob': 0.33473002910614014}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 111200, 'start': 1112.0, 'end': 1131.0, 'text': ' And actually the practical implementation. And, and one of the nice things about applying this kind of process is these those kinds of those four principles is that they go hand in hand, the persuasion and the implementation become a part of the process and a connected part of the process.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 767, 264, 8496, 11420, 13, 400, 11, 293, 472, 295, 264, 1481, 721, 466, 9275, 341, 733, 295, 1399, 307, 613, 729, 3685, 295, 729, 1451, 9156, 307, 300, 436, 352, 1011, 294, 1011, 11, 264, 16336, 6822, 293, 264, 11420, 1813, 257, 644, 295, 264, 1399, 293, 257, 4582, 644, 295, 264, 1399, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14636690957205636, 'compression_ratio': 1.7263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5258887410163879}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 111200, 'start': 1131.0, 'end': 1134.0, 'text': ' So I hope that answers that question.', 'tokens': [51314, 407, 286, 1454, 300, 6338, 300, 1168, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14636690957205636, 'compression_ratio': 1.7263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5258887410163879}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 113400, 'start': 1134.0, 'end': 1142.0, 'text': " Thanks, Matthew. Um, can I ask Andrew or Liz if you've got any questions from Matthew?", 'tokens': [50364, 2561, 11, 12434, 13, 3301, 11, 393, 286, 1029, 10110, 420, 16480, 498, 291, 600, 658, 604, 1651, 490, 12434, 30, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1837891697883606, 'compression_ratio': 1.5545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24667444825172424}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 113400, 'start': 1142.0, 'end': 1162.0, 'text': ' Yes, I was wondering what, what did you perceive was a motivation of your, of your clients engaged in the word mapping because I understand you are the mind of this and you see where it goes you have the framework and know that it goes towards doing good.', 'tokens': [50764, 1079, 11, 286, 390, 6359, 437, 11, 437, 630, 291, 20281, 390, 257, 12335, 295, 428, 11, 295, 428, 6982, 8237, 294, 264, 1349, 18350, 570, 286, 1223, 291, 366, 264, 1575, 295, 341, 293, 291, 536, 689, 309, 1709, 291, 362, 264, 8388, 293, 458, 300, 309, 1709, 3030, 884, 665, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1837891697883606, 'compression_ratio': 1.5545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24667444825172424}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 116200, 'start': 1162.0, 'end': 1180.0, 'text': ' But from the clients I rarely, meaning organizations of a sort, you rarely perceive this explicitly we want to do good, maybe better but good.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 490, 264, 6982, 286, 13752, 11, 3620, 6150, 295, 257, 1333, 11, 291, 13752, 20281, 341, 20803, 321, 528, 281, 360, 665, 11, 1310, 1101, 457, 665, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23168958317149768, 'compression_ratio': 1.2347826086956522, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08591482788324356}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 118000, 'start': 1180.0, 'end': 1193.0, 'text': " I think that's really interesting because, because what we tend to find is that so that so I work for a company called engine and our mantra is helping small teams do big things.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 519, 300, 311, 534, 1880, 570, 11, 570, 437, 321, 3928, 281, 915, 307, 300, 370, 300, 370, 286, 589, 337, 257, 2237, 1219, 2848, 293, 527, 32094, 307, 4315, 1359, 5491, 360, 955, 721, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1255907134005898, 'compression_ratio': 1.5769230769230769, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2846965491771698}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 118000, 'start': 1193.0, 'end': 1204.0, 'text': " Right. And we're in this context, those small teams that we find are often the nucleus of a set of people who want to do good within an organization.", 'tokens': [51014, 1779, 13, 400, 321, 434, 294, 341, 4319, 11, 729, 1359, 5491, 300, 321, 915, 366, 2049, 264, 28055, 295, 257, 992, 295, 561, 567, 528, 281, 360, 665, 1951, 364, 4475, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1255907134005898, 'compression_ratio': 1.5769230769230769, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2846965491771698}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 120400, 'start': 1204.0, 'end': 1219.0, 'text': " And what we're trying to do is amplify their ability to do that within the organization. And that nucleus is set up for a number of different reasons. So for example, in ESG in particular and corporate finance.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 437, 321, 434, 1382, 281, 360, 307, 41174, 641, 3485, 281, 360, 300, 1951, 264, 4475, 13, 400, 300, 28055, 307, 992, 493, 337, 257, 1230, 295, 819, 4112, 13, 407, 337, 1365, 11, 294, 12564, 38, 294, 1729, 293, 10896, 10719, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09864466364790754, 'compression_ratio': 1.8425925925925926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04117859899997711}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 120400, 'start': 1219.0, 'end': 1228.0, 'text': " It's becoming important because it's becoming important to the regulator it's becoming important to governments and so it's becoming important to those organizations at a corporate level.", 'tokens': [51114, 467, 311, 5617, 1021, 570, 309, 311, 5617, 1021, 281, 264, 36250, 309, 311, 5617, 1021, 281, 11280, 293, 370, 309, 311, 5617, 1021, 281, 729, 6150, 412, 257, 10896, 1496, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09864466364790754, 'compression_ratio': 1.8425925925925926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04117859899997711}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 122800, 'start': 1228.0, 'end': 1239.0, 'text': " And that's why people started doing their ESG reporting, you know, and there's a great chunk in their annual report every year that's been carefully drafted and contains lots of lovely meaningless words.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 983, 561, 1409, 884, 641, 12564, 38, 10031, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 456, 311, 257, 869, 16635, 294, 641, 9784, 2275, 633, 1064, 300, 311, 668, 7500, 36288, 293, 8306, 3195, 295, 7496, 33232, 2283, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09485510233286265, 'compression_ratio': 1.5858585858585859, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19046030938625336}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 122800, 'start': 1239.0, 'end': 1248.0, 'text': ' And, but, but part of that is that they got some budget and they gave the budget to people to be the ESG team.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 11, 457, 11, 457, 644, 295, 300, 307, 300, 436, 658, 512, 4706, 293, 436, 2729, 264, 4706, 281, 561, 281, 312, 264, 12564, 38, 1469, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09485510233286265, 'compression_ratio': 1.5858585858585859, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19046030938625336}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 124800, 'start': 1248.0, 'end': 1256.0, 'text': ' And the people who took that budget all the people who were not interested in that ran away from that budget as fast as they could because they did not want to be associated with that.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 561, 567, 1890, 300, 4706, 439, 264, 561, 567, 645, 406, 3102, 294, 300, 5872, 1314, 490, 300, 4706, 382, 2370, 382, 436, 727, 570, 436, 630, 406, 528, 281, 312, 6615, 365, 300, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07780342872696694, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5655025243759155}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 124800, 'start': 1256.0, 'end': 1272.0, 'text': " So you end up with a core team who have a small budget but are really motivated to do some good. And then this helps them to understand the true enormity of the challenge that they've taken on and start to identify ways in which we can we can focus that in on", 'tokens': [50764, 407, 291, 917, 493, 365, 257, 4965, 1469, 567, 362, 257, 1359, 4706, 457, 366, 534, 14515, 281, 360, 512, 665, 13, 400, 550, 341, 3665, 552, 281, 1223, 264, 2074, 8473, 507, 295, 264, 3430, 300, 436, 600, 2726, 322, 293, 722, 281, 5876, 2098, 294, 597, 321, 393, 321, 393, 1879, 300, 294, 322, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07780342872696694, 'compression_ratio': 1.7619047619047619, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5655025243759155}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 127200, 'start': 1272.0, 'end': 1289.0, 'text': " specific objectives and understand how that can be how that how they can run a path through their organization and out into their clients because one of the key things this this kind of mapping exercise shows us is that it's not isolated within a single none of these value", 'tokens': [50364, 2685, 15961, 293, 1223, 577, 300, 393, 312, 577, 300, 577, 436, 393, 1190, 257, 3100, 807, 641, 4475, 293, 484, 666, 641, 6982, 570, 472, 295, 264, 2141, 721, 341, 341, 733, 295, 18350, 5380, 3110, 505, 307, 300, 309, 311, 406, 14621, 1951, 257, 2167, 6022, 295, 613, 2158, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11231534264304421, 'compression_ratio': 1.644578313253012, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5097875595092773}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 128900, 'start': 1289.0, 'end': 1303.0, 'text': " chains right so I think within a single organization. It's almost impossible to do good at this scale, even inside a global corporation, because the interconnectedness of that value chain is too great now.", 'tokens': [50364, 12626, 558, 370, 286, 519, 1951, 257, 2167, 4475, 13, 467, 311, 1920, 6243, 281, 360, 665, 412, 341, 4373, 11, 754, 1854, 257, 4338, 22197, 11, 570, 264, 36611, 1287, 295, 300, 2158, 5021, 307, 886, 869, 586, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16129595273500913, 'compression_ratio': 1.6712962962962963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5912840962409973}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 128900, 'start': 1303.0, 'end': 1315.0, 'text': ' So, so the motivation for these people is that they are intrinsically motivated to do good and entering extrinsically enabled to do it by the organization.', 'tokens': [51064, 407, 11, 370, 264, 12335, 337, 613, 561, 307, 300, 436, 366, 28621, 984, 14515, 281, 360, 665, 293, 11104, 16455, 1292, 984, 15172, 281, 360, 309, 538, 264, 4475, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16129595273500913, 'compression_ratio': 1.6712962962962963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5912840962409973}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 131500, 'start': 1315.0, 'end': 1332.0, 'text': " And, and then these this gives us this is a really useful tool for them to be able to communicate what they're trying to do what needs to be done and to focus on on you know the sort of step by step process, particularly when you then you know that I've not talked about it in here but when you go back to the, you know, back to the", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 11, 293, 550, 613, 341, 2709, 505, 341, 307, 257, 534, 4420, 2290, 337, 552, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 7890, 437, 436, 434, 1382, 281, 360, 437, 2203, 281, 312, 1096, 293, 281, 1879, 322, 322, 291, 458, 264, 1333, 295, 1823, 538, 1823, 1399, 11, 4098, 562, 291, 550, 291, 458, 300, 286, 600, 406, 2825, 466, 309, 294, 510, 457, 562, 291, 352, 646, 281, 264, 11, 291, 458, 11, 646, 281, 264, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18162069320678711, 'compression_ratio': 1.6938775510204083, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2332732379436493}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 133200, 'start': 1332.0, 'end': 1337.0, 'text': " the doctrine that's a you know again, as always with transformation.", 'tokens': [50364, 264, 23290, 300, 311, 257, 291, 458, 797, 11, 382, 1009, 365, 9887, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18075940450032552, 'compression_ratio': 1.648780487804878, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7966651320457458}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 133200, 'start': 1337.0, 'end': 1353.0, 'text': " We're really at the sort of phase one really getting the basics, the real basics in place in in in most doing good, because most doing good has not yet got to the point where it's biasing towards the evidence of communicating well with all the party, even understanding", 'tokens': [50614, 492, 434, 534, 412, 264, 1333, 295, 5574, 472, 534, 1242, 264, 14688, 11, 264, 957, 14688, 294, 1081, 294, 294, 294, 881, 884, 665, 11, 570, 881, 884, 665, 575, 406, 1939, 658, 281, 264, 935, 689, 309, 311, 3228, 3349, 3030, 264, 4467, 295, 17559, 731, 365, 439, 264, 3595, 11, 754, 3701, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18075940450032552, 'compression_ratio': 1.648780487804878, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7966651320457458}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 135300, 'start': 1353.0, 'end': 1371.0, 'text': " who the parties are who the stakeholders are, we're really poor at that because, because doing good is traditionally so low budget, even in, you know, even large organizations big charities, any individual thing is so low budget, and so constrained by the needs to try and get as much of that", 'tokens': [50364, 567, 264, 8265, 366, 567, 264, 17779, 366, 11, 321, 434, 534, 4716, 412, 300, 570, 11, 570, 884, 665, 307, 19067, 370, 2295, 4706, 11, 754, 294, 11, 291, 458, 11, 754, 2416, 6150, 955, 42006, 11, 604, 2609, 551, 307, 370, 2295, 4706, 11, 293, 370, 38901, 538, 264, 2203, 281, 853, 293, 483, 382, 709, 295, 300, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1718735545873642, 'compression_ratio': 1.6222222222222222, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7562174797058105}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 137100, 'start': 1371.0, 'end': 1386.0, 'text': " budget into the activity of delivery that often it doesn't it doesn't have the time or space or brain power devoted to it to understand the longer part of that chain.", 'tokens': [50364, 4706, 666, 264, 5191, 295, 8982, 300, 2049, 309, 1177, 380, 309, 1177, 380, 362, 264, 565, 420, 1901, 420, 3567, 1347, 21815, 281, 309, 281, 1223, 264, 2854, 644, 295, 300, 5021, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14548601706822714, 'compression_ratio': 1.4701492537313432, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7254473567008972}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 137100, 'start': 1386.0, 'end': 1390.0, 'text': " And I think that's that's some", 'tokens': [51114, 400, 286, 519, 300, 311, 300, 311, 512, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14548601706822714, 'compression_ratio': 1.4701492537313432, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7254473567008972}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 139000, 'start': 1390.0, 'end': 1400.0, 'text': " bringing that out and helping people to understand and then manage the enormity because that's the other part of it. It's not that this is an unfathomably challenging problem.", 'tokens': [50364, 5062, 300, 484, 293, 4315, 561, 281, 1223, 293, 550, 3067, 264, 8473, 507, 570, 300, 311, 264, 661, 644, 295, 309, 13, 467, 311, 406, 300, 341, 307, 364, 3971, 998, 298, 1188, 7595, 1154, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11838658102627458, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3105340003967285}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 139000, 'start': 1400.0, 'end': 1412.0, 'text': " It's that you don't realize what a mess it is and the map helps you see the mess, and you can start sorting it out. And that's, you know, that's that I think is really powerful way of looking at the world.", 'tokens': [50864, 467, 311, 300, 291, 500, 380, 4325, 437, 257, 2082, 309, 307, 293, 264, 4471, 3665, 291, 536, 264, 2082, 11, 293, 291, 393, 722, 32411, 309, 484, 13, 400, 300, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 300, 311, 300, 286, 519, 307, 534, 4005, 636, 295, 1237, 412, 264, 1002, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11838658102627458, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3105340003967285}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 139000, 'start': 1412.0, 'end': 1414.0, 'text': ' Great.', 'tokens': [51464, 3769, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11838658102627458, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3105340003967285}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 139000, 'start': 1414.0, 'end': 1416.0, 'text': ' Great conversation so far.', 'tokens': [51564, 3769, 3761, 370, 1400, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11838658102627458, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3105340003967285}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 139000, 'start': 1416.0, 'end': 1419.0, 'text': ' Liz do you have any questions for Matthew.', 'tokens': [51664, 16480, 360, 291, 362, 604, 1651, 337, 12434, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11838658102627458, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3105340003967285}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 141900, 'start': 1419.0, 'end': 1434.0, 'text': " So what the most surprising thing you've seen emerge on those maps was the 100% the most surprising thing was that nobody had any idea what what they were talking about.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 264, 881, 8830, 551, 291, 600, 1612, 21511, 322, 729, 11317, 390, 264, 2319, 4, 264, 881, 8830, 551, 390, 300, 5079, 632, 604, 1558, 437, 437, 436, 645, 1417, 466, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16079135944968775, 'compression_ratio': 1.456896551724138, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015322048217058182}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 143400, 'start': 1434.0, 'end': 1446.0, 'text': " So there was in a project that's about taxonomy of the realization that that nobody really knew exactly what any anything meant.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 456, 390, 294, 257, 1716, 300, 311, 466, 3366, 23423, 295, 264, 25138, 300, 300, 5079, 534, 2586, 2293, 437, 604, 1340, 4140, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12520854613360236, 'compression_ratio': 1.6701570680628273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.443314790725708}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 143400, 'start': 1446.0, 'end': 1458.0, 'text': ' And that there were no, there were no, there was no mechanism for explaining validating and feeding back the fact that people that understood what was going on was the most surprising thing.', 'tokens': [50964, 400, 300, 456, 645, 572, 11, 456, 645, 572, 11, 456, 390, 572, 7513, 337, 13468, 7363, 990, 293, 12919, 646, 264, 1186, 300, 561, 300, 7320, 437, 390, 516, 322, 390, 264, 881, 8830, 551, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12520854613360236, 'compression_ratio': 1.6701570680628273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.443314790725708}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 145800, 'start': 1458.0, 'end': 1477.0, 'text': " And the, the analogy that that I, that I use it's on that slide is, is, there's no gap for, for ESG data, you know, the accounting after, after the last but one major financial crisis went through a whole process of saying,", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 11, 264, 21663, 300, 300, 286, 11, 300, 286, 764, 309, 311, 322, 300, 4137, 307, 11, 307, 11, 456, 311, 572, 7417, 337, 11, 337, 12564, 38, 1412, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 19163, 934, 11, 934, 264, 1036, 457, 472, 2563, 4669, 5869, 1437, 807, 257, 1379, 1399, 295, 1566, 11, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2203417794179108, 'compression_ratio': 1.457516339869281, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19191031157970428}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 147700, 'start': 1477.0, 'end': 1490.0, 'text': " you know, we don't understand it, we realize we don't understand what any of these measures are in the system that we've got, we need to get some generally accepted practices together to on how we interpret this data and what it actually means.", 'tokens': [50364, 291, 458, 11, 321, 500, 380, 1223, 309, 11, 321, 4325, 321, 500, 380, 1223, 437, 604, 295, 613, 8000, 366, 294, 264, 1185, 300, 321, 600, 658, 11, 321, 643, 281, 483, 512, 5101, 9035, 7525, 1214, 281, 322, 577, 321, 7302, 341, 1412, 293, 437, 309, 767, 1355, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16410677920105637, 'compression_ratio': 1.8571428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37789925932884216}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 147700, 'start': 1490.0, 'end': 1503.0, 'text': ' Having taxonomized the objectives, the taxonomy is doing a great job of taxonomizing the objectives and mapping industries into those objectives and what what activities impact on those objectives.', 'tokens': [51014, 10222, 3366, 12481, 1602, 264, 15961, 11, 264, 3366, 23423, 307, 884, 257, 869, 1691, 295, 3366, 12481, 3319, 264, 15961, 293, 18350, 13284, 666, 729, 15961, 293, 437, 437, 5354, 2712, 322, 729, 15961, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16410677920105637, 'compression_ratio': 1.8571428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37789925932884216}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 150300, 'start': 1503.0, 'end': 1511.0, 'text': " They have not thought about the evidence. They've not thought about the process of evidence at all that gives meaning to those definitions.", 'tokens': [50364, 814, 362, 406, 1194, 466, 264, 4467, 13, 814, 600, 406, 1194, 466, 264, 1399, 295, 4467, 412, 439, 300, 2709, 3620, 281, 729, 21988, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1240623243923845, 'compression_ratio': 1.8235294117647058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24420085549354553}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 150300, 'start': 1511.0, 'end': 1518.0, 'text': " And, and that's fair, right, this it's not it's not like it's not like this is by no means a criticism.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 11, 293, 300, 311, 3143, 11, 558, 11, 341, 309, 311, 406, 309, 311, 406, 411, 309, 311, 406, 411, 341, 307, 538, 572, 1355, 257, 15835, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1240623243923845, 'compression_ratio': 1.8235294117647058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24420085549354553}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 150300, 'start': 1518.0, 'end': 1532.0, 'text': " It's just, I think they've assumed that everybody understood what everything meant. They've not yet got to the stage of realizing that they didn't. And so this was kind of the first opportunity to bring that out and reveal it as the next big challenge.", 'tokens': [51114, 467, 311, 445, 11, 286, 519, 436, 600, 15895, 300, 2201, 7320, 437, 1203, 4140, 13, 814, 600, 406, 1939, 658, 281, 264, 3233, 295, 16734, 300, 436, 994, 380, 13, 400, 370, 341, 390, 733, 295, 264, 700, 2650, 281, 1565, 300, 484, 293, 10658, 309, 382, 264, 958, 955, 3430, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1240623243923845, 'compression_ratio': 1.8235294117647058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24420085549354553}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 153200, 'start': 1532.0, 'end': 1549.0, 'text': " We actually have a few questions coming in. I'm just going to read them out. The first one is, how do you know if your map has too little or too much information in the context of the talk, several of the maps seem relatively simplified so where they simply a good conversation starter.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 767, 362, 257, 1326, 1651, 1348, 294, 13, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 1401, 552, 484, 13, 440, 700, 472, 307, 11, 577, 360, 291, 458, 498, 428, 4471, 575, 886, 707, 420, 886, 709, 1589, 294, 264, 4319, 295, 264, 751, 11, 2940, 295, 264, 11317, 1643, 7226, 26335, 370, 689, 436, 2935, 257, 665, 3761, 22465, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459671199321747, 'compression_ratio': 1.5132275132275133, 'no_speech_prob': 0.055543337017297745}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 154900, 'start': 1549.0, 'end': 1555.0, 'text': ' So, I think that maps should be too simple.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 286, 519, 300, 11317, 820, 312, 886, 2199, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12332777749924433, 'compression_ratio': 1.4823529411764707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3049710690975189}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 154900, 'start': 1555.0, 'end': 1571.0, 'text': " If you reach the point at which you think the map is now just about complex enough, it's too complex. And if you need to, if it explains your concept clearly and without extraneous detail, then that's enough.", 'tokens': [50664, 759, 291, 2524, 264, 935, 412, 597, 291, 519, 264, 4471, 307, 586, 445, 466, 3997, 1547, 11, 309, 311, 886, 3997, 13, 400, 498, 291, 643, 281, 11, 498, 309, 13948, 428, 3410, 4448, 293, 1553, 16455, 15447, 2607, 11, 550, 300, 311, 1547, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12332777749924433, 'compression_ratio': 1.4823529411764707, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3049710690975189}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 157100, 'start': 1571.0, 'end': 1579.0, 'text': ' And if you then need to do so if you know if you then realize you need some more information, I tend to draw another map.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 498, 291, 550, 643, 281, 360, 370, 498, 291, 458, 498, 291, 550, 4325, 291, 643, 512, 544, 1589, 11, 286, 3928, 281, 2642, 1071, 4471, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10037128034844456, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10679322481155396}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 157100, 'start': 1579.0, 'end': 1594.0, 'text': " And, and then, and then build up a family of sets of maps that you can use together. And it means you have to do a little bit more work to stay on top of keeping them in sync if they're all still alive.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 11, 293, 550, 11, 293, 550, 1322, 493, 257, 1605, 295, 6352, 295, 11317, 300, 291, 393, 764, 1214, 13, 400, 309, 1355, 291, 362, 281, 360, 257, 707, 857, 544, 589, 281, 1754, 322, 1192, 295, 5145, 552, 294, 20271, 498, 436, 434, 439, 920, 5465, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10037128034844456, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10679322481155396}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 159400, 'start': 1594.0, 'end': 1610.0, 'text': " But, but that brings me to another point if a map isn't still alive, it's if it's archival then get rid of it, because it put it put it put it in the up by get rid of it I mean put it in the archive, because if it's not alive and it's not delivering value it's just taking attention.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 11, 457, 300, 5607, 385, 281, 1071, 935, 498, 257, 4471, 1943, 380, 920, 5465, 11, 309, 311, 498, 309, 311, 3912, 3576, 550, 483, 3973, 295, 309, 11, 570, 309, 829, 309, 829, 309, 829, 309, 294, 264, 493, 538, 483, 3973, 295, 309, 286, 914, 829, 309, 294, 264, 23507, 11, 570, 498, 309, 311, 406, 5465, 293, 309, 311, 406, 14666, 2158, 309, 311, 445, 1940, 3202, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17989193765740646, 'compression_ratio': 1.7469135802469136, 'no_speech_prob': 0.28473377227783203}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 161000, 'start': 1610.0, 'end': 1623.0, 'text': " And so, so every map should be very, very, very, very simple, because either it's very focused, or it's very high level and you need to be able to understand how you navigate from one to another, and you can build a map for that too.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 11, 370, 633, 4471, 820, 312, 588, 11, 588, 11, 588, 11, 588, 2199, 11, 570, 2139, 309, 311, 588, 5178, 11, 420, 309, 311, 588, 1090, 1496, 293, 291, 643, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 1223, 577, 291, 12350, 490, 472, 281, 1071, 11, 293, 291, 393, 1322, 257, 4471, 337, 300, 886, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1415516898745582, 'compression_ratio': 1.7149321266968325, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4065498113632202}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 161000, 'start': 1623.0, 'end': 1635.0, 'text': " So, so I, you know, that, you know, I hope that that's, I'm being highly opinionated, feel free to, to not be back but that's the way I use them.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 11, 370, 286, 11, 291, 458, 11, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 286, 1454, 300, 300, 311, 11, 286, 478, 885, 5405, 4800, 770, 11, 841, 1737, 281, 11, 281, 406, 312, 646, 457, 300, 311, 264, 636, 286, 764, 552, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1415516898745582, 'compression_ratio': 1.7149321266968325, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4065498113632202}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 163500, 'start': 1635.0, 'end': 1648.0, 'text': ' Okay, thanks Matthew. So our next question is this, why do you think the impact has been of economic models around negative externalities concepts, when it comes to harm in value chains.', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 3231, 12434, 13, 407, 527, 958, 1168, 307, 341, 11, 983, 360, 291, 519, 264, 2712, 575, 668, 295, 4836, 5245, 926, 3671, 8320, 1088, 10392, 11, 562, 309, 1487, 281, 6491, 294, 2158, 12626, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14057875814891996, 'compression_ratio': 1.3381294964028776, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18905708193778992}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 164800, 'start': 1648.0, 'end': 1677.0, 'text': ' Well, I think the impact has been I think, I think that in this, in this context, I think that the, there has been an important shift over the last year or so to understand that these negative impacts are probably as important, if not more important in the risk profile of an organization.', 'tokens': [50364, 1042, 11, 286, 519, 264, 2712, 575, 668, 286, 519, 11, 286, 519, 300, 294, 341, 11, 294, 341, 4319, 11, 286, 519, 300, 264, 11, 456, 575, 668, 364, 1021, 5513, 670, 264, 1036, 1064, 420, 370, 281, 1223, 300, 613, 3671, 11606, 366, 1391, 382, 1021, 11, 498, 406, 544, 1021, 294, 264, 3148, 7964, 295, 364, 4475, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1334109086256761, 'compression_ratio': 1.7730061349693251, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4048665761947632}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 167700, 'start': 1677.0, 'end': 1681.0, 'text': ' As, as the positive outcomes.', 'tokens': [50364, 1018, 11, 382, 264, 3353, 10070, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15922849242751663, 'compression_ratio': 1.2772277227722773, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09781648963689804}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 167700, 'start': 1681.0, 'end': 1691.0, 'text': " And there's, there's been a clear shift in desire for people to be able to model this kind of risk.", 'tokens': [50564, 400, 456, 311, 11, 456, 311, 668, 257, 1850, 5513, 294, 7516, 337, 561, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 2316, 341, 733, 295, 3148, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15922849242751663, 'compression_ratio': 1.2772277227722773, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09781648963689804}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 169100, 'start': 1691.0, 'end': 1699.0, 'text': ' So as we move purely from the sort of actual financial actuarial risk to this kind of ESG actuarial risk.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 382, 321, 1286, 17491, 490, 264, 1333, 295, 3539, 4669, 605, 20766, 831, 3148, 281, 341, 733, 295, 12564, 38, 605, 20766, 831, 3148, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1874419848124186, 'compression_ratio': 1.506578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5153818130493164}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 169100, 'start': 1699.0, 'end': 1709.0, 'text': " And there are, but, but people, people are struggling to understand how to do it and that's quite, that's quite legitimate.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 456, 366, 11, 457, 11, 457, 561, 11, 561, 366, 9314, 281, 1223, 577, 281, 360, 309, 293, 300, 311, 1596, 11, 300, 311, 1596, 17956, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1874419848124186, 'compression_ratio': 1.506578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5153818130493164}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 170900, 'start': 1709.0, 'end': 1729.0, 'text': " And we're really in the only in the very early stages of this as well, because we are that we are looking at the moment really, we're focused on, on sort of investment risk, we're not looking and we're looking at sort of direct, direct actionable risk we're not looking at", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 321, 434, 534, 294, 264, 787, 294, 264, 588, 2440, 10232, 295, 341, 382, 731, 11, 570, 321, 366, 300, 321, 366, 1237, 412, 264, 1623, 534, 11, 321, 434, 5178, 322, 11, 322, 1333, 295, 6078, 3148, 11, 321, 434, 406, 1237, 293, 321, 434, 1237, 412, 1333, 295, 2047, 11, 2047, 45098, 3148, 321, 434, 406, 1237, 412, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18425557063176082, 'compression_ratio': 1.825503355704698, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7956576943397522}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 172900, 'start': 1729.0, 'end': 1736.0, 'text': ' the infrastructural consequential, you know, operational risk within the system I suppose.', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 6534, 1757, 1807, 7242, 2549, 11, 291, 458, 11, 16607, 3148, 1951, 264, 1185, 286, 7297, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1609835568596335, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559633027522935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6045153737068176}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 172900, 'start': 1736.0, 'end': 1753.0, 'text': " And that's where I'd like to get to because I think actually my my instinct is, and, and, you know, we need to drill into this and more but my instinct is that that's actually a greater contributor to the financial risk, the investment risk down the line, than the pure,", 'tokens': [50714, 400, 300, 311, 689, 286, 1116, 411, 281, 483, 281, 570, 286, 519, 767, 452, 452, 16556, 307, 11, 293, 11, 293, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 643, 281, 11392, 666, 341, 293, 544, 457, 452, 16556, 307, 300, 300, 311, 767, 257, 5044, 42859, 281, 264, 4669, 3148, 11, 264, 6078, 3148, 760, 264, 1622, 11, 813, 264, 6075, 11, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1609835568596335, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559633027522935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6045153737068176}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 175300, 'start': 1753.0, 'end': 1765.0, 'text': ' the investing in activities which are seen to be actionably sustainable. I think actually we need to look at the operational activities of the business is concerned and see how that impacts on that.', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 10978, 294, 5354, 597, 366, 1612, 281, 312, 3069, 1188, 11235, 13, 286, 519, 767, 321, 643, 281, 574, 412, 264, 16607, 5354, 295, 264, 1606, 307, 5922, 293, 536, 577, 300, 11606, 322, 300, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1313048771449498, 'compression_ratio': 1.6829268292682926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14663518965244293}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 175300, 'start': 1765.0, 'end': 1772.0, 'text': " And actually the build the chain up from there but that's, you know, that's a, that's another order of magnitude away from where we are right now.", 'tokens': [50964, 400, 767, 264, 1322, 264, 5021, 493, 490, 456, 457, 300, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 300, 311, 257, 11, 300, 311, 1071, 1668, 295, 15668, 1314, 490, 689, 321, 366, 558, 586, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1313048771449498, 'compression_ratio': 1.6829268292682926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14663518965244293}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 177200, 'start': 1772.0, 'end': 1780.0, 'text': " Okay, thank you very much for that Matthew and thanks for the questions Andrew, Andrew, and you're listening from the audience as well.", 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 1309, 291, 588, 709, 337, 300, 12434, 293, 3231, 337, 264, 1651, 10110, 11, 10110, 11, 293, 291, 434, 4764, 490, 264, 4034, 382, 731, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28797128796577454, 'compression_ratio': 1.4782608695652173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4598184823989868}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 177200, 'start': 1780.0, 'end': 1787.0, 'text': " I think now we're going to get on with the next speaker, who is Andrew. So, Andrew, over to you.", 'tokens': [50764, 286, 519, 586, 321, 434, 516, 281, 483, 322, 365, 264, 958, 8145, 11, 567, 307, 10110, 13, 407, 11, 10110, 11, 670, 281, 291, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28797128796577454, 'compression_ratio': 1.4782608695652173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4598184823989868}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 177200, 'start': 1787.0, 'end': 1797.0, 'text': ' Okay.', 'tokens': [51114, 1033, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28797128796577454, 'compression_ratio': 1.4782608695652173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4598184823989868}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 179700, 'start': 1797.0, 'end': 1819.0, 'text': " Okay, so I'm Andrew Sonia. I'm a solution architect with InterCoS and the researcher at the University of Warwick.", 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 370, 286, 478, 10110, 5185, 654, 13, 286, 478, 257, 3827, 6331, 365, 5751, 21141, 50, 293, 264, 21751, 412, 264, 3535, 295, 3630, 16038, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.49335047602653503, 'compression_ratio': 1.1067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04196932539343834}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 181900, 'start': 1819.0, 'end': 1831.0, 'text': ' And I research things related to urban space and economic phenomena in space and time.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 2132, 721, 4077, 281, 9681, 1901, 293, 4836, 22004, 294, 1901, 293, 565, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22093260288238525, 'compression_ratio': 1.3384615384615384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2539951503276825}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 181900, 'start': 1831.0, 'end': 1842.0, 'text': ' Today, I would like to tell you a story about using mapping for basic banking services.', 'tokens': [50964, 2692, 11, 286, 576, 411, 281, 980, 291, 257, 1657, 466, 1228, 18350, 337, 3875, 18261, 3328, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22093260288238525, 'compression_ratio': 1.3384615384615384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2539951503276825}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 184200, 'start': 1842.0, 'end': 1865.0, 'text': ' So why, why I think, oops, okay, how I think this this works. So when we talk about basic banking services, we usually refer to being able to receive payments or make payments and for probably all of us here in this, in this conference.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 983, 11, 983, 286, 519, 11, 34166, 11, 1392, 11, 577, 286, 519, 341, 341, 1985, 13, 407, 562, 321, 751, 466, 3875, 18261, 3328, 11, 321, 2673, 2864, 281, 885, 1075, 281, 4774, 14348, 420, 652, 14348, 293, 337, 1391, 439, 295, 505, 510, 294, 341, 11, 294, 341, 7586, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20950976589269804, 'compression_ratio': 1.5225806451612902, 'no_speech_prob': 0.060181692242622375}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 186500, 'start': 1865.0, 'end': 1877.0, 'text': " So what we also mean is that we have a smartphone and on that smartphone we have I don't know how many applications which allow us to make payments in many different ways.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 321, 611, 914, 307, 300, 321, 362, 257, 13307, 293, 322, 300, 13307, 321, 362, 286, 500, 380, 458, 577, 867, 5821, 597, 2089, 505, 281, 652, 14348, 294, 867, 819, 2098, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2582085682795598, 'compression_ratio': 1.4132231404958677, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4754627048969269}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 187700, 'start': 1877.0, 'end': 1900.0, 'text': " So you would ask yourself, okay, what's what the problem is this a problem for today's age in the UK. And I would say that it is because actually, not only in the UK, but also in many other European countries, basic banking services are considered", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 576, 1029, 1803, 11, 1392, 11, 437, 311, 437, 264, 1154, 307, 341, 257, 1154, 337, 965, 311, 3205, 294, 264, 7051, 13, 400, 286, 576, 584, 300, 309, 307, 570, 767, 11, 406, 787, 294, 264, 7051, 11, 457, 611, 294, 867, 661, 6473, 3517, 11, 3875, 18261, 3328, 366, 4888, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17762478466691642, 'compression_ratio': 1.4615384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4388907551765442}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 190000, 'start': 1900.0, 'end': 1914.0, 'text': ' a general economic interest, which means that they are usually not satisfied by pure market forces and usually a state intervention of some sort is required.', 'tokens': [50364, 257, 2674, 4836, 1179, 11, 597, 1355, 300, 436, 366, 2673, 406, 11239, 538, 6075, 2142, 5874, 293, 2673, 257, 1785, 13176, 295, 512, 1333, 307, 4739, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13666921854019165, 'compression_ratio': 1.3652173913043477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2042573243379593}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 191400, 'start': 1914.0, 'end': 1928.0, 'text': ' In the UK, for whatever reason, the government decided that post office is the provider of basic banking, banks of basic banking services.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 264, 7051, 11, 337, 2035, 1778, 11, 264, 2463, 3047, 300, 2183, 3398, 307, 264, 12398, 295, 3875, 18261, 11, 10237, 295, 3875, 18261, 3328, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1913200193835843, 'compression_ratio': 1.3398058252427185, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2041095495223999}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 192800, 'start': 1929.0, 'end': 1943.0, 'text': ' When they did this, they were also allowed by European Union to provide state aid to the post office under the condition that they maintain this number 11,500 post office locations across the UK.', 'tokens': [50414, 1133, 436, 630, 341, 11, 436, 645, 611, 4350, 538, 6473, 8133, 281, 2893, 1785, 9418, 281, 264, 2183, 3398, 833, 264, 4188, 300, 436, 6909, 341, 1230, 2975, 11, 7526, 2183, 3398, 9253, 2108, 264, 7051, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07749542168208531, 'compression_ratio': 1.3829787234042554, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3230191171169281}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 194300, 'start': 1943.0, 'end': 1960.0, 'text': ' And you will see this number on websites like HSBC, all the banks in the UK, but also smaller banks. So if we look at Starling, which is a challenger bank, they also state you can access us through post office.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 291, 486, 536, 341, 1230, 322, 12891, 411, 34194, 7869, 11, 439, 264, 10237, 294, 264, 7051, 11, 457, 611, 4356, 10237, 13, 407, 498, 321, 574, 412, 5705, 1688, 11, 597, 307, 257, 2076, 10210, 3765, 11, 436, 611, 1785, 291, 393, 2105, 505, 807, 2183, 3398, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16982152568760203, 'compression_ratio': 1.4603174603174602, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05038959160447121}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 194300, 'start': 1960.0, 'end': 1968.0, 'text': ' And they are considered somehow a replacement for banks branches.', 'tokens': [51214, 400, 436, 366, 4888, 6063, 257, 14419, 337, 10237, 14770, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16982152568760203, 'compression_ratio': 1.4603174603174602, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05038959160447121}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 196800, 'start': 1968.0, 'end': 1981.0, 'text': ' You see here in on Starling, they also provide a percentage of coverage, which is like 99% of the population live within three miles of the post office.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 536, 510, 294, 322, 5705, 1688, 11, 436, 611, 2893, 257, 9668, 295, 9645, 11, 597, 307, 411, 11803, 4, 295, 264, 4415, 1621, 1951, 1045, 6193, 295, 264, 2183, 3398, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10237406562356388, 'compression_ratio': 1.5897435897435896, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018316101282835007}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 196800, 'start': 1981.0, 'end': 1995.0, 'text': " So what, what are the basic banking services actually so they're very basic indeed so you can check your balance you can withdraw cash you can deposit cash you can pay utility so just a bit more than an ATM I would say.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 437, 11, 437, 366, 264, 3875, 18261, 3328, 767, 370, 436, 434, 588, 3875, 6451, 370, 291, 393, 1520, 428, 4772, 291, 393, 14999, 6388, 291, 393, 19107, 6388, 291, 393, 1689, 14877, 370, 445, 257, 857, 544, 813, 364, 46455, 286, 576, 584, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10237406562356388, 'compression_ratio': 1.5897435897435896, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018316101282835007}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 199500, 'start': 1995.0, 'end': 2009.0, 'text': ' I would draw the attention here that you can pay utilities but you cannot pay a friend, you cannot pay a member of a family cannot pay a company which is quite restrictive, I would say.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 576, 2642, 264, 3202, 510, 300, 291, 393, 1689, 30482, 457, 291, 2644, 1689, 257, 1277, 11, 291, 2644, 1689, 257, 4006, 295, 257, 1605, 2644, 1689, 257, 2237, 597, 307, 1596, 43220, 11, 286, 576, 584, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1307538720064385, 'compression_ratio': 1.5163934426229508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015924781560897827}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 200900, 'start': 2010.0, 'end': 2023.0, 'text': ' So, that percentage of coverage of the UK territory comes from the official access criteria in the UK and here I choose to show just two of them.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 11, 300, 9668, 295, 9645, 295, 264, 7051, 11360, 1487, 490, 264, 4783, 2105, 11101, 294, 264, 7051, 293, 510, 286, 2826, 281, 855, 445, 732, 295, 552, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10643071988049675, 'compression_ratio': 1.3181818181818181, 'no_speech_prob': 0.047624558210372925}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 202300, 'start': 2023.0, 'end': 2044.0, 'text': " Here's an example how this works so the government says that 99% of the UK population shall live within two miles of the nearest post office so if this blue thing here is a post office, the very, the darker shade of blue around it is a distance", 'tokens': [50364, 1692, 311, 364, 1365, 577, 341, 1985, 370, 264, 2463, 1619, 300, 11803, 4, 295, 264, 7051, 4415, 4393, 1621, 1951, 732, 6193, 295, 264, 23831, 2183, 3398, 370, 498, 341, 3344, 551, 510, 307, 257, 2183, 3398, 11, 264, 588, 11, 264, 12741, 11466, 295, 3344, 926, 309, 307, 257, 4560, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1952263457434518, 'compression_ratio': 1.4878048780487805, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5173220038414001}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 204400, 'start': 2044.0, 'end': 2060.0, 'text': ' if you go on the real street network for one mile within the post office and the other one the lighter blue is three miles so it means that if you if you leave outside.', 'tokens': [50364, 498, 291, 352, 322, 264, 957, 4838, 3209, 337, 472, 12620, 1951, 264, 2183, 3398, 293, 264, 661, 472, 264, 11546, 3344, 307, 1045, 6193, 370, 309, 1355, 300, 498, 291, 498, 291, 1856, 2380, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18191404342651368, 'compression_ratio': 1.4608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4012596011161804}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 206000, 'start': 2060.0, 'end': 2085.0, 'text': ' These blue shades for example in this part you are part of the 1% not not the the other 1% not the not the not the wealthy one 1% so I was wondering, it is, is this really true because everybody takes these numbers for granted but.', 'tokens': [50364, 1981, 3344, 20639, 337, 1365, 294, 341, 644, 291, 366, 644, 295, 264, 502, 4, 406, 406, 264, 264, 661, 502, 4, 406, 264, 406, 264, 406, 264, 17707, 472, 502, 4, 370, 286, 390, 6359, 11, 309, 307, 11, 307, 341, 534, 2074, 570, 2201, 2516, 613, 3547, 337, 12344, 457, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26056154150711863, 'compression_ratio': 1.5298013245033113, 'no_speech_prob': 0.396109938621521}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 208500, 'start': 2085.0, 'end': 2095.0, 'text': " There is no methodology for this calculation they are no granular results and it didn't ring true to me at all.", 'tokens': [50364, 821, 307, 572, 24850, 337, 341, 17108, 436, 366, 572, 39962, 3542, 293, 309, 994, 380, 4875, 2074, 281, 385, 412, 439, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1450916219640661, 'compression_ratio': 1.1935483870967742, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21761909127235413}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 209500, 'start': 2095.0, 'end': 2119.0, 'text': " Let's see who are those people who live outside those blue areas and how the world map looks like it looks a bit different simply because for whatever reason, there are categories of population and which can be identified which.", 'tokens': [50364, 961, 311, 536, 567, 366, 729, 561, 567, 1621, 2380, 729, 3344, 3179, 293, 577, 264, 1002, 4471, 1542, 411, 309, 1542, 257, 857, 819, 2935, 570, 337, 2035, 1778, 11, 456, 366, 10479, 295, 4415, 293, 597, 393, 312, 9234, 597, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2897580329408037, 'compression_ratio': 1.4901960784313726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4587460160255432}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 211900, 'start': 2120.0, 'end': 2130.0, 'text': " Do not use online banking or mobile banking, either because they don't have a smartphone, or they cannot afford one or they cannot use one.", 'tokens': [50414, 1144, 406, 764, 2950, 18261, 420, 6013, 18261, 11, 2139, 570, 436, 500, 380, 362, 257, 13307, 11, 420, 436, 2644, 6157, 472, 420, 436, 2644, 764, 472, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14899158477783203, 'compression_ratio': 1.5575757575757576, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15191785991191864}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 211900, 'start': 2130.0, 'end': 2137.0, 'text': ' Or in the area there is no broadband or a combination of the two.', 'tokens': [50914, 1610, 294, 264, 1859, 456, 307, 572, 37718, 420, 257, 6562, 295, 264, 732, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14899158477783203, 'compression_ratio': 1.5575757575757576, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15191785991191864}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 211900, 'start': 2137.0, 'end': 2144.0, 'text': ' And, and this restricts their choices considerably.', 'tokens': [51264, 400, 11, 293, 341, 7694, 82, 641, 7994, 31308, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14899158477783203, 'compression_ratio': 1.5575757575757576, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15191785991191864}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 214400, 'start': 2145.0, 'end': 2166.0, 'text': " So, even more if you live outside those three miles or would you would you walk for three miles actually to go to a post office to pay something. It's completely out of our realm of experience actually because we have the phone in our pocket all the time.", 'tokens': [50414, 407, 11, 754, 544, 498, 291, 1621, 2380, 729, 1045, 6193, 420, 576, 291, 576, 291, 1792, 337, 1045, 6193, 767, 281, 352, 281, 257, 2183, 3398, 281, 1689, 746, 13, 467, 311, 2584, 484, 295, 527, 15355, 295, 1752, 767, 570, 321, 362, 264, 2593, 294, 527, 8963, 439, 264, 565, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1600304319147478, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022196251899003983}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 216600, 'start': 2166.0, 'end': 2190.0, 'text': " So, almost all these maps here is in in the commodity section in the utility section, at least in in our mind and usually when when I use worldly maps with companies, my focus is on on finding things which are in Genesis in custom built what should we build next what should we build next something that doesn't exist.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 1920, 439, 613, 11317, 510, 307, 294, 294, 264, 29125, 3541, 294, 264, 14877, 3541, 11, 412, 1935, 294, 294, 527, 1575, 293, 2673, 562, 562, 286, 764, 40397, 11317, 365, 3431, 11, 452, 1879, 307, 322, 322, 5006, 721, 597, 366, 294, 20587, 294, 2375, 3094, 437, 820, 321, 1322, 958, 437, 820, 321, 1322, 958, 746, 300, 1177, 380, 2514, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21546196592026862, 'compression_ratio': 1.6914893617021276, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008271071128547192}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 219000, 'start': 2190.0, 'end': 2198.0, 'text': ' And then this time, almost everything was going out on the map on the on the right hand side.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 341, 565, 11, 1920, 1203, 390, 516, 484, 322, 264, 4471, 322, 264, 322, 264, 558, 1011, 1252, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30710917711257935, 'compression_ratio': 1.1931818181818181, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04926550015807152}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 219000, 'start': 2198.0, 'end': 2201.0, 'text': ' So, let me.', 'tokens': [50764, 407, 11, 718, 385, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30710917711257935, 'compression_ratio': 1.1931818181818181, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04926550015807152}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 220100, 'start': 2202.0, 'end': 2209.0, 'text': ' For example, if I if I look here at the of this option somebody want to pay a personal company.', 'tokens': [50414, 1171, 1365, 11, 498, 286, 498, 286, 574, 510, 412, 264, 295, 341, 3614, 2618, 528, 281, 1689, 257, 2973, 2237, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12572399999054384, 'compression_ratio': 1.6764705882352942, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04580749198794365}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 220100, 'start': 2209.0, 'end': 2221.0, 'text': " Okay, they need to have an account they need to go to a post office probably they need a car as well probably they need a driver if they don't drive or they are told to drive and they need.", 'tokens': [50764, 1033, 11, 436, 643, 281, 362, 364, 2696, 436, 643, 281, 352, 281, 257, 2183, 3398, 1391, 436, 643, 257, 1032, 382, 731, 1391, 436, 643, 257, 6787, 498, 436, 500, 380, 3332, 420, 436, 366, 1907, 281, 3332, 293, 436, 643, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12572399999054384, 'compression_ratio': 1.6764705882352942, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04580749198794365}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 222100, 'start': 2221.0, 'end': 2236.0, 'text': ' And so, all of a sudden the transaction is considerably more expensive for them than it is for us. So I will take you now to a completely different type of map. Can you see, can you see this.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 11, 439, 295, 257, 3990, 264, 14425, 307, 31308, 544, 5124, 337, 552, 813, 309, 307, 337, 505, 13, 407, 286, 486, 747, 291, 586, 281, 257, 2584, 819, 2010, 295, 4471, 13, 1664, 291, 536, 11, 393, 291, 536, 341, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27185916900634766, 'compression_ratio': 1.3741496598639455, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37185412645339966}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 222100, 'start': 2236.0, 'end': 2239.0, 'text': ' I hope so.', 'tokens': [51114, 286, 1454, 370, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27185916900634766, 'compression_ratio': 1.3741496598639455, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37185412645339966}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 223900, 'start': 2239.0, 'end': 2259.0, 'text': " So, this is the map of Wales, and I thought, okay, if we are told that 99% of the population lives within these air within three miles of the post office let's calculate this and I was crap the post office website.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 341, 307, 264, 4471, 295, 16495, 11, 293, 286, 1194, 11, 1392, 11, 498, 321, 366, 1907, 300, 11803, 4, 295, 264, 4415, 2909, 1951, 613, 1988, 1951, 1045, 6193, 295, 264, 2183, 3398, 718, 311, 8873, 341, 293, 286, 390, 12426, 264, 2183, 3398, 3144, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20257093321602299, 'compression_ratio': 1.4861111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029968982562422752}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 225900, 'start': 2259.0, 'end': 2270.0, 'text': ' So, I extracted or their points or the post offices I put them on the map. I also extracted their opening hours. So if we look at Wales.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 286, 34086, 420, 641, 2793, 420, 264, 2183, 14434, 286, 829, 552, 322, 264, 4471, 13, 286, 611, 34086, 641, 5193, 2496, 13, 407, 498, 321, 574, 412, 16495, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21439087977174853, 'compression_ratio': 1.5374149659863945, 'no_speech_prob': 0.29858270287513733}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 225900, 'start': 2270.0, 'end': 2277.0, 'text': " What we see is like, okay, it has lots of national parks. That's a lot of national parks.", 'tokens': [50914, 708, 321, 536, 307, 411, 11, 1392, 11, 309, 575, 3195, 295, 4048, 16213, 13, 663, 311, 257, 688, 295, 4048, 16213, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21439087977174853, 'compression_ratio': 1.5374149659863945, 'no_speech_prob': 0.29858270287513733}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 227700, 'start': 2277.0, 'end': 2295.0, 'text': " And probably people don't live there. Yeah, we also know that Wales is not is partially populated so that probably is not a problem they're not many people living in in the in the national park, but let's zoom in and see.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 1391, 561, 500, 380, 1621, 456, 13, 865, 11, 321, 611, 458, 300, 16495, 307, 406, 307, 18886, 32998, 370, 300, 1391, 307, 406, 257, 1154, 436, 434, 406, 867, 561, 2647, 294, 294, 264, 294, 264, 4048, 3884, 11, 457, 718, 311, 8863, 294, 293, 536, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1907670061353227, 'compression_ratio': 1.638036809815951, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13640926778316498}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 227700, 'start': 2295.0, 'end': 2301.0, 'text': " Let's zoom in and see.", 'tokens': [51264, 961, 311, 8863, 294, 293, 536, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1907670061353227, 'compression_ratio': 1.638036809815951, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13640926778316498}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 227700, 'start': 2301.0, 'end': 2306.0, 'text': " I don't know a detail.", 'tokens': [51564, 286, 500, 380, 458, 257, 2607, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1907670061353227, 'compression_ratio': 1.638036809815951, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13640926778316498}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2306.0, 'end': 2308.0, 'text': " Let's look here.", 'tokens': [50364, 961, 311, 574, 510, 13, 50464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18084596550982932, 'compression_ratio': 1.6650717703349283, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016840955941006541}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2308.0, 'end': 2321.0, 'text': " So this seems to be a little town. It's a university town. It's a place where people also go for holidays as well. So what's happening here so they have two post offices here to post offices here.", 'tokens': [50464, 407, 341, 2544, 281, 312, 257, 707, 3954, 13, 467, 311, 257, 5454, 3954, 13, 467, 311, 257, 1081, 689, 561, 611, 352, 337, 15734, 382, 731, 13, 407, 437, 311, 2737, 510, 370, 436, 362, 732, 2183, 14434, 510, 281, 2183, 14434, 510, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18084596550982932, 'compression_ratio': 1.6650717703349283, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016840955941006541}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2321.0, 'end': 2325.0, 'text': ' What are these red ones so these red ones.', 'tokens': [51114, 708, 366, 613, 2182, 2306, 370, 613, 2182, 2306, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18084596550982932, 'compression_ratio': 1.6650717703349283, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016840955941006541}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 230600, 'start': 2325.0, 'end': 2335.0, 'text': " If we look at the capacity, which means opening hours, it's show 0.01 capacity tough on our", 'tokens': [51314, 759, 321, 574, 412, 264, 6042, 11, 597, 1355, 5193, 2496, 11, 309, 311, 855, 1958, 13, 10607, 6042, 4930, 322, 527, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18084596550982932, 'compression_ratio': 1.6650717703349283, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016840955941006541}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 233500, 'start': 2335.0, 'end': 2355.0, 'text': " own. So we see that they're open for two hours per week, maybe three hours per week and so on. So what we observe when we do this type of map, we see that these points come towards the government calculations that people 99% of the people in the", 'tokens': [50364, 1065, 13, 407, 321, 536, 300, 436, 434, 1269, 337, 732, 2496, 680, 1243, 11, 1310, 1045, 2496, 680, 1243, 293, 370, 322, 13, 407, 437, 321, 11441, 562, 321, 360, 341, 2010, 295, 4471, 11, 321, 536, 300, 613, 2793, 808, 3030, 264, 2463, 20448, 300, 561, 11803, 4, 295, 264, 561, 294, 264, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2398617469658286, 'compression_ratio': 1.5909090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019536443054676056}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 235500, 'start': 2355.0, 'end': 2376.0, 'text': " city live close to a post office. Hence, we can close branches banking branches because they have a post office nearby but in reality, it's a very temporal structure, let's say, and it's not something you would start driving", 'tokens': [50364, 2307, 1621, 1998, 281, 257, 2183, 3398, 13, 22229, 11, 321, 393, 1998, 14770, 18261, 14770, 570, 436, 362, 257, 2183, 3398, 11184, 457, 294, 4103, 11, 309, 311, 257, 588, 30881, 3877, 11, 718, 311, 584, 11, 293, 309, 311, 406, 746, 291, 576, 722, 4840, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19053365669998468, 'compression_ratio': 1.4933333333333334, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3089228868484497}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 237600, 'start': 2376.0, 'end': 2387.0, 'text': " miles towards, you know, maybe that mobile post office doesn't open today, maybe the guy is ill or he simply didn't turn up.", 'tokens': [50364, 6193, 3030, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1310, 300, 6013, 2183, 3398, 1177, 380, 1269, 965, 11, 1310, 264, 2146, 307, 3171, 420, 415, 2935, 994, 380, 1261, 493, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17463341881247127, 'compression_ratio': 1.364963503649635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.39614808559417725}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 237600, 'start': 2387.0, 'end': 2395.0, 'text': ' So if and if we if we these are driving distances, by the way.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 498, 293, 498, 321, 498, 321, 613, 366, 4840, 22182, 11, 538, 264, 636, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17463341881247127, 'compression_ratio': 1.364963503649635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.39614808559417725}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 239500, 'start': 2395.0, 'end': 2413.0, 'text': " So if we look at Wales and the one miles, what they're called ice cranes areas where you can drive for one miles with for a post office it looks really really bear.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 321, 574, 412, 16495, 293, 264, 472, 6193, 11, 437, 436, 434, 1219, 4435, 941, 12779, 3179, 689, 291, 393, 3332, 337, 472, 6193, 365, 337, 257, 2183, 3398, 309, 1542, 534, 534, 6155, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24736644000541874, 'compression_ratio': 1.3781512605042017, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08217930793762207}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 241300, 'start': 2413.0, 'end': 2438.0, 'text': " So what, what do we learn out of it coming back to the coming back to the to our results so I said okay let's let's replicate or try to replicate or build a better measure for the construction of such indicators of coverage of the UK territory.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 11, 437, 360, 321, 1466, 484, 295, 309, 1348, 646, 281, 264, 1348, 646, 281, 264, 281, 527, 3542, 370, 286, 848, 1392, 718, 311, 718, 311, 25356, 420, 853, 281, 25356, 420, 1322, 257, 1101, 3481, 337, 264, 6435, 295, 1270, 22176, 295, 9645, 295, 264, 7051, 11360, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11059304646083287, 'compression_ratio': 1.5741935483870968, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2759923040866852}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 243800, 'start': 2438.0, 'end': 2453.0, 'text': ' So the results were completely different from the government, I would say completely different. So, in the in Wales, if we look at Wales so if we change the scale of the map, which is important, not the whole UK but we look at Wales.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 3542, 645, 2584, 819, 490, 264, 2463, 11, 286, 576, 584, 2584, 819, 13, 407, 11, 294, 264, 294, 16495, 11, 498, 321, 574, 412, 16495, 370, 498, 321, 1319, 264, 4373, 295, 264, 4471, 11, 597, 307, 1021, 11, 406, 264, 1379, 7051, 457, 321, 574, 412, 16495, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14218056201934814, 'compression_ratio': 1.595890410958904, 'no_speech_prob': 0.46622762084007263}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 245300, 'start': 2453.0, 'end': 2475.0, 'text': " So that 99% of the people live within three miles, it's 93 if you go by car and it's 95 if you walk. And for one mile the percentages are considerably less. If we taking consideration, post offices are more permanent nature, the percentages go down considerably.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 11803, 4, 295, 264, 561, 1621, 1951, 1045, 6193, 11, 309, 311, 28876, 498, 291, 352, 538, 1032, 293, 309, 311, 13420, 498, 291, 1792, 13, 400, 337, 472, 12620, 264, 42270, 366, 31308, 1570, 13, 759, 321, 1940, 12381, 11, 2183, 14434, 366, 544, 10996, 3687, 11, 264, 42270, 352, 760, 31308, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2530257225036621, 'compression_ratio': 1.5595238095238095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5354084968566895}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 247500, 'start': 2475.0, 'end': 2496.0, 'text': " So it's important. It's important in the context of Wales simply because to it 10% of the population of Wales it's actually quite quite a lot, it's bigger than the whole population of of of card.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 311, 1021, 13, 467, 311, 1021, 294, 264, 4319, 295, 16495, 2935, 570, 281, 309, 1266, 4, 295, 264, 4415, 295, 16495, 309, 311, 767, 1596, 1596, 257, 688, 11, 309, 311, 3801, 813, 264, 1379, 4415, 295, 295, 295, 2920, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3076728383700053, 'compression_ratio': 1.5116279069767442, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12095963209867477}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 249600, 'start': 2496.0, 'end': 2510.0, 'text': ' So what do, what do we learn. So I use different types of maps I look I use a map, the widely map to make explicit, what do we need in order to provide that basic service.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 360, 11, 437, 360, 321, 1466, 13, 407, 286, 764, 819, 3467, 295, 11317, 286, 574, 286, 764, 257, 4471, 11, 264, 13371, 4471, 281, 652, 13691, 11, 437, 360, 321, 643, 294, 1668, 281, 2893, 300, 3875, 2643, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20004059996785997, 'compression_ratio': 1.59375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2563226819038391}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 249600, 'start': 2510.0, 'end': 2522.0, 'text': ' And then a sub map or geographical map to explore if the indicators which are given to us are true or not, can we rely on them or not.', 'tokens': [51064, 400, 550, 257, 1422, 4471, 420, 39872, 4471, 281, 6839, 498, 264, 22176, 597, 366, 2212, 281, 505, 366, 2074, 420, 406, 11, 393, 321, 10687, 322, 552, 420, 406, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20004059996785997, 'compression_ratio': 1.59375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2563226819038391}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 252200, 'start': 2522.0, 'end': 2541.0, 'text': " And then we need that or what we learn in general is that in a way it's nothing new I don't discover these things it's it's more obvious when when I apply it to a particular case that if you don't make the methodology explicit for constructing the map, you can come up with anything really.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 321, 643, 300, 420, 437, 321, 1466, 294, 2674, 307, 300, 294, 257, 636, 309, 311, 1825, 777, 286, 500, 380, 4411, 613, 721, 309, 311, 309, 311, 544, 6322, 562, 562, 286, 3079, 309, 281, 257, 1729, 1389, 300, 498, 291, 500, 380, 652, 264, 24850, 13691, 337, 39969, 264, 4471, 11, 291, 393, 808, 493, 365, 1340, 534, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27144770835762594, 'compression_ratio': 1.5508021390374331, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06339232623577118}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 254100, 'start': 2541.0, 'end': 2553.0, 'text': ' So you can make the distances how you measure distances is makes a big difference. So the government measures the differences in a, in a straight line.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 393, 652, 264, 22182, 577, 291, 3481, 22182, 307, 1669, 257, 955, 2649, 13, 407, 264, 2463, 8000, 264, 7300, 294, 257, 11, 294, 257, 2997, 1622, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22184877510530404, 'compression_ratio': 1.7511737089201878, 'no_speech_prob': 0.44989150762557983}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 254100, 'start': 2553.0, 'end': 2570.0, 'text': ' But this is not, this is not how people move. Yeah, so when you do a map, you have to choose a propagation method for for measuring distance which is appropriate for the phenomenon that you observe so people move on road.', 'tokens': [50964, 583, 341, 307, 406, 11, 341, 307, 406, 577, 561, 1286, 13, 865, 11, 370, 562, 291, 360, 257, 4471, 11, 291, 362, 281, 2826, 257, 38377, 3170, 337, 337, 13389, 4560, 597, 307, 6854, 337, 264, 14029, 300, 291, 11441, 370, 561, 1286, 322, 3060, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22184877510530404, 'compression_ratio': 1.7511737089201878, 'no_speech_prob': 0.44989150762557983}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 257000, 'start': 2570.0, 'end': 2589.0, 'text': ' So you should measure distances on roads. And also if you play with the scale of the phenomenon, you observe different things so we have to also choose well the scale for for your maps and this is true in what we maps and in geographical maps.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 820, 3481, 22182, 322, 11344, 13, 400, 611, 498, 291, 862, 365, 264, 4373, 295, 264, 14029, 11, 291, 11441, 819, 721, 370, 321, 362, 281, 611, 2826, 731, 264, 4373, 337, 337, 428, 11317, 293, 341, 307, 2074, 294, 437, 321, 11317, 293, 294, 39872, 11317, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21580980845860073, 'compression_ratio': 1.5668449197860963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.040990594774484634}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 257000, 'start': 2589.0, 'end': 2592.0, 'text': ' So coming back to this.', 'tokens': [51314, 407, 1348, 646, 281, 341, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21580980845860073, 'compression_ratio': 1.5668449197860963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.040990594774484634}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 257000, 'start': 2592.0, 'end': 2598.0, 'text': ' My worries that my worry.', 'tokens': [51464, 1222, 16340, 300, 452, 3292, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21580980845860073, 'compression_ratio': 1.5668449197860963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.040990594774484634}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 259800, 'start': 2598.0, 'end': 2606.0, 'text': ' The, the, the sub map that I explained, or I explored it here in the commodity section.', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 11, 264, 11, 264, 1422, 4471, 300, 286, 8825, 11, 420, 286, 24016, 309, 510, 294, 264, 29125, 3541, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15731062455610795, 'compression_ratio': 1.525925925925926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03539136424660683}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 259800, 'start': 2606.0, 'end': 2617.0, 'text': " And it's falling off the map and it's falling off the map for, you know, reasons which are bigger than than than ours.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 309, 311, 7440, 766, 264, 4471, 293, 309, 311, 7440, 766, 264, 4471, 337, 11, 291, 458, 11, 4112, 597, 366, 3801, 813, 813, 813, 11896, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15731062455610795, 'compression_ratio': 1.525925925925926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03539136424660683}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 261700, 'start': 2617.0, 'end': 2630.0, 'text': " So I'm not sure what the reality but but I'm trying to figure out. Okay, how do we fix that and this or what can we put in place and, and I personally don't don't see it.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 406, 988, 437, 264, 4103, 457, 457, 286, 478, 1382, 281, 2573, 484, 13, 1033, 11, 577, 360, 321, 3191, 300, 293, 341, 420, 437, 393, 321, 829, 294, 1081, 293, 11, 293, 286, 5665, 500, 380, 500, 380, 536, 309, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36988690434669963, 'compression_ratio': 1.328125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5558553338050842}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 263000, 'start': 2630.0, 'end': 2655.0, 'text': " We haven't seen it yet. So we are. So you, you are aware of this S curve, which is the innovation curve, which Simon also uses so normally when you see this map you have this S curve here and then you have another S curve starting from somewhere underneath the commodity and going, going up towards the right hand corner", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 2378, 380, 1612, 309, 1939, 13, 407, 321, 366, 13, 407, 291, 11, 291, 366, 3650, 295, 341, 318, 7605, 11, 597, 307, 264, 8504, 7605, 11, 597, 13193, 611, 4960, 370, 5646, 562, 291, 536, 341, 4471, 291, 362, 341, 318, 7605, 510, 293, 550, 291, 362, 1071, 318, 7605, 2891, 490, 4079, 7223, 264, 29125, 293, 516, 11, 516, 493, 3030, 264, 558, 1011, 4538, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23006998168097603, 'compression_ratio': 1.702127659574468, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5018462538719177}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 265500, 'start': 2655.0, 'end': 2673.0, 'text': ' and we are in this place here where we we see the end of a commodity and probably something has already appeared, but, but people fall through this disruption this disruption is not without, without pain.', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 321, 366, 294, 341, 1081, 510, 689, 321, 321, 536, 264, 917, 295, 257, 29125, 293, 1391, 746, 575, 1217, 8516, 11, 457, 11, 457, 561, 2100, 807, 341, 28751, 341, 28751, 307, 406, 1553, 11, 1553, 1822, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1521207419308749, 'compression_ratio': 1.5454545454545454, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06330326199531555}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 267300, 'start': 2673.0, 'end': 2691.0, 'text': " What I, what I map here is not the product is actually an infrastructure and it's interesting to see the end of a type of infrastructure because we don't get to see them very often in our, in our lifetime.", 'tokens': [50364, 708, 286, 11, 437, 286, 4471, 510, 307, 406, 264, 1674, 307, 767, 364, 6896, 293, 309, 311, 1880, 281, 536, 264, 917, 295, 257, 2010, 295, 6896, 570, 321, 500, 380, 483, 281, 536, 552, 588, 2049, 294, 527, 11, 294, 527, 11364, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13104024225351762, 'compression_ratio': 1.5073529411764706, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09528180211782455}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 269100, 'start': 2692.0, 'end': 2710.0, 'text': " So this is a kind of infrastructure, which is respect or live by a different timescale a historical timescale not human timescale so to witness in your lifetime, the end of one and the starting of another one, it's quite, it's quite interesting.", 'tokens': [50414, 407, 341, 307, 257, 733, 295, 6896, 11, 597, 307, 3104, 420, 1621, 538, 257, 819, 1413, 37088, 257, 8584, 1413, 37088, 406, 1952, 1413, 37088, 370, 281, 7286, 294, 428, 11364, 11, 264, 917, 295, 472, 293, 264, 2891, 295, 1071, 472, 11, 309, 311, 1596, 11, 309, 311, 1596, 1880, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3673000670315927, 'compression_ratio': 1.5909090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3526928126811981}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 271000, 'start': 2710.0, 'end': 2714.0, 'text': ' Yes, so if you have any idea.', 'tokens': [50364, 1079, 11, 370, 498, 291, 362, 604, 1558, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20502450389246787, 'compression_ratio': 1.4012345679012346, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07633709907531738}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 271000, 'start': 2714.0, 'end': 2730.0, 'text': ' How, how to deal with that or if you have seen examples of other types of infrastructures and commodities disappearing. I would be very, very interested to hear from.', 'tokens': [50564, 1012, 11, 577, 281, 2028, 365, 300, 420, 498, 291, 362, 1612, 5110, 295, 661, 3467, 295, 6534, 44513, 293, 40777, 34900, 13, 286, 576, 312, 588, 11, 588, 3102, 281, 1568, 490, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20502450389246787, 'compression_ratio': 1.4012345679012346, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07633709907531738}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 271000, 'start': 2730.0, 'end': 2734.0, 'text': ' And I stop here.', 'tokens': [51364, 400, 286, 1590, 510, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20502450389246787, 'compression_ratio': 1.4012345679012346, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07633709907531738}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 271000, 'start': 2734.0, 'end': 2736.0, 'text': ' Okay, thanks.', 'tokens': [51564, 1033, 11, 3231, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20502450389246787, 'compression_ratio': 1.4012345679012346, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07633709907531738}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 273600, 'start': 2736.0, 'end': 2739.0, 'text': ' So, this is very good.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 341, 307, 588, 665, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21439891565041463, 'compression_ratio': 1.4203821656050954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.046486057341098785}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 273600, 'start': 2739.0, 'end': 2747.0, 'text': " So we're just going to wait for Matthew and list to come on on video, but I'll get the first question started.", 'tokens': [50514, 407, 321, 434, 445, 516, 281, 1699, 337, 12434, 293, 1329, 281, 808, 322, 322, 960, 11, 457, 286, 603, 483, 264, 700, 1168, 1409, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21439891565041463, 'compression_ratio': 1.4203821656050954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.046486057341098785}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 273600, 'start': 2747.0, 'end': 2758.0, 'text': ' So why did you choose to focus on this problem and also why maps and why the post office.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 983, 630, 291, 2826, 281, 1879, 322, 341, 1154, 293, 611, 983, 11317, 293, 983, 264, 2183, 3398, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21439891565041463, 'compression_ratio': 1.4203821656050954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.046486057341098785}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 275800, 'start': 2758.0, 'end': 2773.0, 'text': " I think it comes at the, at the intersection of two things I'm interested about so on one side in my daily job I work with systems I do systems architecture I build systems.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 519, 309, 1487, 412, 264, 11, 412, 264, 15236, 295, 732, 721, 286, 478, 3102, 466, 370, 322, 472, 1252, 294, 452, 5212, 1691, 286, 589, 365, 3652, 286, 360, 3652, 9482, 286, 1322, 3652, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20804730857290873, 'compression_ratio': 1.4180327868852458, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04811478033661842}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 277300, 'start': 2773.0, 'end': 2790.0, 'text': " And I usually use worldly maps to figure out what you do next you know why I spent probably the last 10 years on identifying the next course thing and at some point I realized, you know, in all honesty, let's see who uses these cool things because they didn't", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 2673, 764, 40397, 11317, 281, 2573, 484, 437, 291, 360, 958, 291, 458, 983, 286, 4418, 1391, 264, 1036, 1266, 924, 322, 16696, 264, 958, 1164, 551, 293, 412, 512, 935, 286, 5334, 11, 291, 458, 11, 294, 439, 26839, 11, 718, 311, 536, 567, 4960, 613, 1627, 721, 570, 436, 994, 380, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2073224439459332, 'compression_ratio': 1.4715909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1528700739145279}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 279000, 'start': 2790.0, 'end': 2796.0, 'text': " transform the world as we, as we imagine it or we didn't democratize anything.", 'tokens': [50364, 4088, 264, 1002, 382, 321, 11, 382, 321, 3811, 309, 420, 321, 994, 380, 37221, 1125, 1340, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12586445686144707, 'compression_ratio': 1.5647668393782384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.31111961603164673}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 279000, 'start': 2796.0, 'end': 2814.0, 'text': " What's the hell is going on and, and this is when I started to do real maps to, and I do this in my academic work let's say I use a lot of spatial analysis to look at phenomena and and I started in the search for people do.", 'tokens': [50664, 708, 311, 264, 4921, 307, 516, 322, 293, 11, 293, 341, 307, 562, 286, 1409, 281, 360, 957, 11317, 281, 11, 293, 286, 360, 341, 294, 452, 7778, 589, 718, 311, 584, 286, 764, 257, 688, 295, 23598, 5215, 281, 574, 412, 22004, 293, 293, 286, 1409, 294, 264, 3164, 337, 561, 360, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12586445686144707, 'compression_ratio': 1.5647668393782384, 'no_speech_prob': 0.31111961603164673}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 281400, 'start': 2814.0, 'end': 2825.0, 'text': ' So if, if I want somebody to have access to my mobile app, first he needs to have broadband of some sort, the infrastructure needs to be there. Then he needs to have money to pay for that.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 11, 498, 286, 528, 2618, 281, 362, 2105, 281, 452, 6013, 724, 11, 700, 415, 2203, 281, 362, 37718, 295, 512, 1333, 11, 264, 6896, 2203, 281, 312, 456, 13, 1396, 415, 2203, 281, 362, 1460, 281, 1689, 337, 300, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10864902536074321, 'compression_ratio': 1.7352941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04285922646522522}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 281400, 'start': 2825.0, 'end': 2840.0, 'text': ' Then he needs to be able cognitively to work with money in an abstract form, and not everybody can do that. And then I realized that actually we live in our focus towards the next shiny thing and disruption, we leave behind.', 'tokens': [50914, 1396, 415, 2203, 281, 312, 1075, 15605, 356, 281, 589, 365, 1460, 294, 364, 12649, 1254, 11, 293, 406, 2201, 393, 360, 300, 13, 400, 550, 286, 5334, 300, 767, 321, 1621, 294, 527, 1879, 3030, 264, 958, 16997, 551, 293, 28751, 11, 321, 1856, 2261, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10864902536074321, 'compression_ratio': 1.7352941176470589, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04285922646522522}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 284000, 'start': 2840.0, 'end': 2853.0, 'text': ' The entire category of people through no fault of their own have the infrastructure for taken away from from them.', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 2302, 7719, 295, 561, 807, 572, 7441, 295, 641, 1065, 362, 264, 6896, 337, 2726, 1314, 490, 490, 552, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1598754831262537, 'compression_ratio': 1.5207373271889402, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19846168160438538}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 284000, 'start': 2853.0, 'end': 2869.0, 'text': " So, with this question or basically it was a step by step realization this is when I realized Oh post office maybe I don't use them but for some people they are very important and by the way they're vanishing. Yeah.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 11, 365, 341, 1168, 420, 1936, 309, 390, 257, 1823, 538, 1823, 25138, 341, 307, 562, 286, 5334, 876, 2183, 3398, 1310, 286, 500, 380, 764, 552, 457, 337, 512, 561, 436, 366, 588, 1021, 293, 538, 264, 636, 436, 434, 3161, 3807, 13, 865, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1598754831262537, 'compression_ratio': 1.5207373271889402, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19846168160438538}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 286900, 'start': 2869.0, 'end': 2880.0, 'text': " Thank you for that on Liz or Matthew. Any questions for Matthew go ahead. Yeah, so I'm really interested in space and time.", 'tokens': [50364, 1044, 291, 337, 300, 322, 16480, 420, 12434, 13, 2639, 1651, 337, 12434, 352, 2286, 13, 865, 11, 370, 286, 478, 534, 3102, 294, 1901, 293, 565, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1406945334540473, 'compression_ratio': 1.680327868852459, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06279686093330383}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 286900, 'start': 2880.0, 'end': 2898.0, 'text': ' Not not just not just because I was a physicist once upon a time but because, because I think one of the things that people lose track of in in these kinds of almost all GIS applications actually is that the time dimension is as important if not more important than the space dimension.', 'tokens': [50914, 1726, 406, 445, 406, 445, 570, 286, 390, 257, 42466, 1564, 3564, 257, 565, 457, 570, 11, 570, 286, 519, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 561, 3624, 2837, 295, 294, 294, 613, 3685, 295, 1920, 439, 47860, 5821, 767, 307, 300, 264, 565, 10139, 307, 382, 1021, 498, 406, 544, 1021, 813, 264, 1901, 10139, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1406945334540473, 'compression_ratio': 1.680327868852459, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06279686093330383}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 289800, 'start': 2898.0, 'end': 2908.0, 'text': ' The, but what are the challenges is that our screens in our paper, and our maps are two dimensional.', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 11, 457, 437, 366, 264, 4759, 307, 300, 527, 11171, 294, 527, 3035, 11, 293, 527, 11317, 366, 732, 18795, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24139339129130047, 'compression_ratio': 1.1910112359550562, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06434958428144455}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 289800, 'start': 2908.0, 'end': 2909.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [50864, 865, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24139339129130047, 'compression_ratio': 1.1910112359550562, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06434958428144455}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 290900, 'start': 2909.0, 'end': 2933.0, 'text': ' So, how, how do we know, you know, we have techniques for layering that kind of time transition into the mapping. But how do you, how do you think we can best deal with that what you know what do you think we do you think we need a technology, do we need a conceptualization leap to to get a better to help', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 577, 11, 577, 360, 321, 458, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 362, 7512, 337, 40754, 300, 733, 295, 565, 6034, 666, 264, 18350, 13, 583, 577, 360, 291, 11, 577, 360, 291, 519, 321, 393, 1151, 2028, 365, 300, 437, 291, 458, 437, 360, 291, 519, 321, 360, 291, 519, 321, 643, 257, 2899, 11, 360, 321, 643, 257, 24106, 2144, 19438, 281, 281, 483, 257, 1101, 281, 854, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.184173215230306, 'compression_ratio': 1.7586206896551724, 'no_speech_prob': 0.29463210701942444}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 293300, 'start': 2933.0, 'end': 2938.0, 'text': " you understand the time dimension better that's what I'm getting at.", 'tokens': [50364, 291, 1223, 264, 565, 10139, 1101, 300, 311, 437, 286, 478, 1242, 412, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29711831940544975, 'compression_ratio': 0.9855072463768116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05551193282008171}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 293800, 'start': 2938.0, 'end': 2958.0, 'text': " Yeah, it's not easy so where I see this done more successfully so we probably know there's a lot of a lot of form, or the visualization of the information is", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 309, 311, 406, 1858, 370, 689, 286, 536, 341, 1096, 544, 10727, 370, 321, 1391, 458, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 257, 688, 295, 1254, 11, 420, 264, 25801, 295, 264, 1589, 307, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2682458681937976, 'compression_ratio': 1.353448275862069, 'no_speech_prob': 0.25520405173301697}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 295800, 'start': 2958.0, 'end': 2966.0, 'text': ' to evolve massively so you can now visualize a phenomenon which happened in the brain or things like things like that.', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 16693, 29379, 370, 291, 393, 586, 23273, 257, 14029, 597, 2011, 294, 264, 3567, 420, 721, 411, 721, 411, 300, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1607508487012013, 'compression_ratio': 1.6888888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6071677803993225}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 295800, 'start': 2966.0, 'end': 2983.0, 'text': " So, unfortunately, you cannot use this type of visualization in the academic papers which are you know, printed and so on. But actually, what I showed you it's a temporal phenomenon because I can create that that map and visualize it, you know, during the week.", 'tokens': [50764, 407, 11, 7015, 11, 291, 2644, 764, 341, 2010, 295, 25801, 294, 264, 7778, 10577, 597, 366, 291, 458, 11, 13567, 293, 370, 322, 13, 583, 767, 11, 437, 286, 4712, 291, 309, 311, 257, 30881, 14029, 570, 286, 393, 1884, 300, 300, 4471, 293, 23273, 309, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1830, 264, 1243, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1607508487012013, 'compression_ratio': 1.6888888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6071677803993225}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 298300, 'start': 2983.0, 'end': 2998.0, 'text': " So, what happens that in Wales you have coverage Tuesday at lunch, you know, but if I run the same map Friday morning you have nowhere to go. It's something like that so it's a dynamic.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 437, 2314, 300, 294, 16495, 291, 362, 9645, 10017, 412, 6349, 11, 291, 458, 11, 457, 498, 286, 1190, 264, 912, 4471, 6984, 2446, 291, 362, 11159, 281, 352, 13, 467, 311, 746, 411, 300, 370, 309, 311, 257, 8546, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22410918296651638, 'compression_ratio': 1.330935251798561, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3537425100803375}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 299800, 'start': 2998.0, 'end': 3004.0, 'text': ' So, dynamic maps, which now can be built, not necessarily.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 8546, 11317, 11, 597, 586, 393, 312, 3094, 11, 406, 4725, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2626487139997811, 'compression_ratio': 1.3836477987421383, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6985618472099304}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 299800, 'start': 3004.0, 'end': 3021.0, 'text': " I don't use pure GS I use Python so it gives you a lot of freedom to build the type of visualization that kind of you have in in your head and you think you can.", 'tokens': [50664, 286, 500, 380, 764, 6075, 32047, 286, 764, 15329, 370, 309, 2709, 291, 257, 688, 295, 5645, 281, 1322, 264, 2010, 295, 25801, 300, 733, 295, 291, 362, 294, 294, 428, 1378, 293, 291, 519, 291, 393, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2626487139997811, 'compression_ratio': 1.3836477987421383, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6985618472099304}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 302100, 'start': 3021.0, 'end': 3037.0, 'text': " You can build and I find the visualization the right visualization equally powerful as a method behind it. I'm not a master of that I'm and but I'm trying.", 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 1322, 293, 286, 915, 264, 25801, 264, 558, 25801, 12309, 4005, 382, 257, 3170, 2261, 309, 13, 286, 478, 406, 257, 4505, 295, 300, 286, 478, 293, 457, 286, 478, 1382, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2448857307434082, 'compression_ratio': 1.3971631205673758, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08575834333896637}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 302100, 'start': 3037.0, 'end': 3042.0, 'text': ' Great. Lizzie have a question for Andrew.', 'tokens': [51164, 3769, 13, 16480, 3283, 362, 257, 1168, 337, 10110, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2448857307434082, 'compression_ratio': 1.3971631205673758, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08575834333896637}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 304200, 'start': 3042.0, 'end': 3054.0, 'text': ' I thought that was absolutely magical. I was just watching just going this is so amazing. Thank you. What are you looking to map next.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 1194, 300, 390, 3122, 12066, 13, 286, 390, 445, 1976, 445, 516, 341, 307, 370, 2243, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 708, 366, 291, 1237, 281, 4471, 958, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1832728936122014, 'compression_ratio': 1.3541666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09033919870853424}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 304200, 'start': 3054.0, 'end': 3062.0, 'text': " Actually, um, oh, I'm ready to talk about this for one hour.", 'tokens': [50964, 5135, 11, 1105, 11, 1954, 11, 286, 478, 1919, 281, 751, 466, 341, 337, 472, 1773, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1832728936122014, 'compression_ratio': 1.3541666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09033919870853424}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 306200, 'start': 3063.0, 'end': 3076.0, 'text': " This mapping is a multi layer. It's a multi layer phenomenon. So what I showed the mapping of, you know, the map of UK of Wales where people leave and we know a granular level of details.", 'tokens': [50414, 639, 18350, 307, 257, 4825, 4583, 13, 467, 311, 257, 4825, 4583, 14029, 13, 407, 437, 286, 4712, 264, 18350, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 4471, 295, 7051, 295, 16495, 689, 561, 1856, 293, 321, 458, 257, 39962, 1496, 295, 4365, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2316510518391927, 'compression_ratio': 1.481012658227848, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03982383385300636}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 306200, 'start': 3076.0, 'end': 3080.0, 'text': " So the statistical data in UK is it's amazing.", 'tokens': [51064, 407, 264, 22820, 1412, 294, 7051, 307, 309, 311, 2243, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2316510518391927, 'compression_ratio': 1.481012658227848, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03982383385300636}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 308000, 'start': 3080.0, 'end': 3095.0, 'text': " So we know a lot about the socio economic status and so on that that's one thing the infrastructure they have access to the infrastructure of access being post offices banks hospitals whatever it's another thing.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 458, 257, 688, 466, 264, 44303, 4836, 6558, 293, 370, 322, 300, 300, 311, 472, 551, 264, 6896, 436, 362, 2105, 281, 264, 6896, 295, 2105, 885, 2183, 14434, 10237, 13014, 2035, 309, 311, 1071, 551, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21085330089890814, 'compression_ratio': 1.7762557077625571, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23876498639583588}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 308000, 'start': 3095.0, 'end': 3108.0, 'text': ' But if I focus on financial services basically there are other layers above that which I can I intend to map. So what I intend to map are cascading fares in financial services.', 'tokens': [51114, 583, 498, 286, 1879, 322, 4669, 3328, 1936, 456, 366, 661, 7914, 3673, 300, 597, 286, 393, 286, 19759, 281, 4471, 13, 407, 437, 286, 19759, 281, 4471, 366, 3058, 66, 8166, 2050, 495, 294, 4669, 3328, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21085330089890814, 'compression_ratio': 1.7762557077625571, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23876498639583588}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 310800, 'start': 3108.0, 'end': 3119.0, 'text': ' And because I it links my knowledge of how bank works and how the financial industry works to how this is experienced on on the ground.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 570, 286, 309, 6123, 452, 3601, 295, 577, 3765, 1985, 293, 577, 264, 4669, 3518, 1985, 281, 577, 341, 307, 6751, 322, 322, 264, 2727, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12204940839745533, 'compression_ratio': 1.71875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01751411147415638}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 310800, 'start': 3119.0, 'end': 3134.0, 'text': ' So in nowadays, the cascading failures in financial services are modeled only from the point of view of financial flows and people focus on the places where money are, you know, from this bank to this bank, there are a lot of money moving and so on.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 294, 13434, 11, 264, 3058, 66, 8166, 20774, 294, 4669, 3328, 366, 37140, 787, 490, 264, 935, 295, 1910, 295, 4669, 12867, 293, 561, 1879, 322, 264, 3190, 689, 1460, 366, 11, 291, 458, 11, 490, 341, 3765, 281, 341, 3765, 11, 456, 366, 257, 688, 295, 1460, 2684, 293, 370, 322, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12204940839745533, 'compression_ratio': 1.71875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01751411147415638}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 313400, 'start': 3134.0, 'end': 3161.0, 'text': ' So this map somehow, but the mundane life of people you know retail banking, nobody cares about this. So how this is how this is cascading, you can leave an entire area in the UK without any possibility of doing any banking at all paying anything just by failing to systems if you know who those systems where', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 4471, 6063, 11, 457, 264, 43497, 993, 295, 561, 291, 458, 10800, 18261, 11, 5079, 12310, 466, 341, 13, 407, 577, 341, 307, 577, 341, 307, 3058, 66, 8166, 11, 291, 393, 1856, 364, 2302, 1859, 294, 264, 7051, 1553, 604, 7959, 295, 884, 604, 18261, 412, 439, 6229, 1340, 445, 538, 18223, 281, 3652, 498, 291, 458, 567, 729, 3652, 689, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1942726023056928, 'compression_ratio': 1.6010362694300517, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0799257904291153}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 316100, 'start': 3161.0, 'end': 3166.0, 'text': ' the systems are and the problem the thing is they are identifiable.', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 3652, 366, 293, 264, 1154, 264, 551, 307, 436, 366, 2473, 30876, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17683037958647074, 'compression_ratio': 1.655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08096373826265335}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 316100, 'start': 3166.0, 'end': 3185.0, 'text': " And in theory, this is a national critical infrastructure of the UK, but we don't care to map it to say to do. So this is what I intend to map the critical, the critical infrastructure of financial services and the cascading failures that could happen through it.", 'tokens': [50614, 400, 294, 5261, 11, 341, 307, 257, 4048, 4924, 6896, 295, 264, 7051, 11, 457, 321, 500, 380, 1127, 281, 4471, 309, 281, 584, 281, 360, 13, 407, 341, 307, 437, 286, 19759, 281, 4471, 264, 4924, 11, 264, 4924, 6896, 295, 4669, 3328, 293, 264, 3058, 66, 8166, 20774, 300, 727, 1051, 807, 309, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17683037958647074, 'compression_ratio': 1.655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08096373826265335}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 318500, 'start': 3186.0, 'end': 3190.0, 'text': " Okay, we've got one question actually from the audience.", 'tokens': [50414, 1033, 11, 321, 600, 658, 472, 1168, 767, 490, 264, 4034, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16437479378520578, 'compression_ratio': 1.4917127071823204, 'no_speech_prob': 0.050571758300065994}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 318500, 'start': 3190.0, 'end': 3199.0, 'text': ' This is from Harry was how do you hope to influence government with your maps.', 'tokens': [50614, 639, 307, 490, 9378, 390, 577, 360, 291, 1454, 281, 6503, 2463, 365, 428, 11317, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16437479378520578, 'compression_ratio': 1.4917127071823204, 'no_speech_prob': 0.050571758300065994}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 318500, 'start': 3199.0, 'end': 3210.0, 'text': ' You can influence them if they want to be influenced. So I believe in the power of maps. So as Mattie said, can you do good with maps.', 'tokens': [51064, 509, 393, 6503, 552, 498, 436, 528, 281, 312, 15269, 13, 407, 286, 1697, 294, 264, 1347, 295, 11317, 13, 407, 382, 7397, 414, 848, 11, 393, 291, 360, 665, 365, 11317, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16437479378520578, 'compression_ratio': 1.4917127071823204, 'no_speech_prob': 0.050571758300065994}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 321000, 'start': 3210.0, 'end': 3216.0, 'text': ' If this information is public, and I think it should be public.', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 341, 1589, 307, 1908, 11, 293, 286, 519, 309, 820, 312, 1908, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16859056949615478, 'compression_ratio': 1.7076923076923076, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04107300192117691}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 321000, 'start': 3216.0, 'end': 3223.0, 'text': " It's not. So if you want to obtain the points you cannot you have to web scrap the post office website.", 'tokens': [50664, 467, 311, 406, 13, 407, 498, 291, 528, 281, 12701, 264, 2793, 291, 2644, 291, 362, 281, 3670, 23138, 264, 2183, 3398, 3144, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16859056949615478, 'compression_ratio': 1.7076923076923076, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04107300192117691}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 321000, 'start': 3223.0, 'end': 3236.0, 'text': ' If this information is public and people have information and they can act locally to advocate for themselves to put in front of their MP, you see, this is our area.', 'tokens': [51014, 759, 341, 1589, 307, 1908, 293, 561, 362, 1589, 293, 436, 393, 605, 16143, 281, 14608, 337, 2969, 281, 829, 294, 1868, 295, 641, 14146, 11, 291, 536, 11, 341, 307, 527, 1859, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16859056949615478, 'compression_ratio': 1.7076923076923076, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04107300192117691}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 323600, 'start': 3236.0, 'end': 3249.0, 'text': " It's about 20 hours of service per month per week, whatever. Is this okay. No, it's not okay. So who cares that they are 10 points, you know, basically I believe in empowerment through information.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 466, 945, 2496, 295, 2643, 680, 1618, 680, 1243, 11, 2035, 13, 1119, 341, 1392, 13, 883, 11, 309, 311, 406, 1392, 13, 407, 567, 12310, 300, 436, 366, 1266, 2793, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1936, 286, 1697, 294, 34825, 807, 1589, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20134757445739196, 'compression_ratio': 1.6356877323420074, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03896760195493698}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 323600, 'start': 3249.0, 'end': 3253.0, 'text': ' What I can do I can publish a paper will be published.', 'tokens': [51014, 708, 286, 393, 360, 286, 393, 11374, 257, 3035, 486, 312, 6572, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20134757445739196, 'compression_ratio': 1.6356877323420074, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03896760195493698}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 323600, 'start': 3253.0, 'end': 3265.0, 'text': " It will stay there in a journal that you have to pay for it. Nobody will read it, you know that's the life of the, of the academic but making this maps public I think it's powerful. Yeah.", 'tokens': [51214, 467, 486, 1754, 456, 294, 257, 6708, 300, 291, 362, 281, 1689, 337, 309, 13, 9297, 486, 1401, 309, 11, 291, 458, 300, 311, 264, 993, 295, 264, 11, 295, 264, 7778, 457, 1455, 341, 11317, 1908, 286, 519, 309, 311, 4005, 13, 865, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20134757445739196, 'compression_ratio': 1.6356877323420074, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03896760195493698}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 326500, 'start': 3265.0, 'end': 3268.0, 'text': ' Great.', 'tokens': [50364, 3769, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19405587514241537, 'compression_ratio': 1.5390070921985815, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014811172150075436}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 326500, 'start': 3268.0, 'end': 3270.0, 'text': ' Matthew, do you have another question.', 'tokens': [50514, 12434, 11, 360, 291, 362, 1071, 1168, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19405587514241537, 'compression_ratio': 1.5390070921985815, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014811172150075436}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 326500, 'start': 3270.0, 'end': 3286.0, 'text': " Yeah, do you think, do you think I think one of the things I like about the maps is that they're really anybody can understand them right they're really easily understood.", 'tokens': [50614, 865, 11, 360, 291, 519, 11, 360, 291, 519, 286, 519, 472, 295, 264, 721, 286, 411, 466, 264, 11317, 307, 300, 436, 434, 534, 4472, 393, 1223, 552, 558, 436, 434, 534, 3612, 7320, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19405587514241537, 'compression_ratio': 1.5390070921985815, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014811172150075436}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 328600, 'start': 3286.0, 'end': 3298.0, 'text': " So, at least at a superficial level. Do you think we could, we could do better at using them to inform people as you're, as you're talking about influencing government there and the locality of it.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 412, 1935, 412, 257, 34622, 1496, 13, 1144, 291, 519, 321, 727, 11, 321, 727, 360, 1101, 412, 1228, 552, 281, 1356, 561, 382, 291, 434, 11, 382, 291, 434, 1417, 466, 40396, 2463, 456, 293, 264, 1628, 1860, 295, 309, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16855625114818612, 'compression_ratio': 1.8305785123966942, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6728557348251343}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 328600, 'start': 3298.0, 'end': 3314.0, 'text': ' Do you think we could use use it out of the academic sphere and into the local activist kind of space and find a way of presenting it that is that is comprehensible, you know, at that level for the individual MP for the question for the question', 'tokens': [50964, 1144, 291, 519, 321, 727, 764, 764, 309, 484, 295, 264, 7778, 16687, 293, 666, 264, 2654, 24836, 733, 295, 1901, 293, 915, 257, 636, 295, 15578, 309, 300, 307, 300, 307, 10753, 30633, 11, 291, 458, 11, 412, 300, 1496, 337, 264, 2609, 14146, 337, 264, 1168, 337, 264, 1168, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16855625114818612, 'compression_ratio': 1.8305785123966942, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6728557348251343}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 331400, 'start': 3314.0, 'end': 3328.0, 'text': ' and is that as is, or do we think we need to put another layer of explanation around it so that people can understand it in a in their own idiom, I suppose.', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 307, 300, 382, 307, 11, 420, 360, 321, 519, 321, 643, 281, 829, 1071, 4583, 295, 10835, 926, 309, 370, 300, 561, 393, 1223, 309, 294, 257, 294, 641, 1065, 18014, 298, 11, 286, 7297, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1778736114501953, 'compression_ratio': 1.361344537815126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03699228912591934}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 331400, 'start': 3328.0, 'end': 3332.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [51064, 865, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1778736114501953, 'compression_ratio': 1.361344537815126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03699228912591934}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 333200, 'start': 3332.0, 'end': 3356.0, 'text': " Probably, it would need a bit of explanation instead of capacity to use minutes per week instead of to explain. So that concept of an ice chrome, even if it's basic people people think in this way but they don't, when they see they don't recognize it as such so from this point if I go one mile on any", 'tokens': [50364, 9210, 11, 309, 576, 643, 257, 857, 295, 10835, 2602, 295, 6042, 281, 764, 2077, 680, 1243, 2602, 295, 281, 2903, 13, 407, 300, 3410, 295, 364, 4435, 33120, 11, 754, 498, 309, 311, 3875, 561, 561, 519, 294, 341, 636, 457, 436, 500, 380, 11, 562, 436, 536, 436, 500, 380, 5521, 309, 382, 1270, 370, 490, 341, 935, 498, 286, 352, 472, 12620, 322, 604, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1615456460227429, 'compression_ratio': 1.5595854922279793, 'no_speech_prob': 0.058195360004901886}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 335600, 'start': 3356.0, 'end': 3369.0, 'text': ' possible road around me, and then I draw a polygon around those end points that is the polygon around you where you can go for one mile so those are those polygons.', 'tokens': [50364, 1944, 3060, 926, 385, 11, 293, 550, 286, 2642, 257, 48242, 926, 729, 917, 2793, 300, 307, 264, 48242, 926, 291, 689, 291, 393, 352, 337, 472, 12620, 370, 729, 366, 729, 6754, 70, 892, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12281919717788696, 'compression_ratio': 1.490909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13847731053829193}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 336900, 'start': 3369.0, 'end': 3382.0, 'text': " People don't recognize them immediately when when when they see them so probably and I'm still exploring to be honest what works, what works in terms of explaining what the real situation is.", 'tokens': [50364, 3432, 500, 380, 5521, 552, 4258, 562, 562, 562, 436, 536, 552, 370, 1391, 293, 286, 478, 920, 12736, 281, 312, 3245, 437, 1985, 11, 437, 1985, 294, 2115, 295, 13468, 437, 264, 957, 2590, 307, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12375137282580864, 'compression_ratio': 1.4253731343283582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04857162758708}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 338200, 'start': 3382.0, 'end': 3398.0, 'text': " The reason I created it like that is because the official measure or the official access criteria expressed in this way. So I use the latest methods for calculating what they say is true. And it's not true.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 1778, 286, 2942, 309, 411, 300, 307, 570, 264, 4783, 3481, 420, 264, 4783, 2105, 11101, 12675, 294, 341, 636, 13, 407, 286, 764, 264, 6792, 7150, 337, 28258, 437, 436, 584, 307, 2074, 13, 400, 309, 311, 406, 2074, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10437735300215464, 'compression_ratio': 1.4742857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07102860510349274}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 338200, 'start': 3398.0, 'end': 3402.0, 'text': ' So, yeah.', 'tokens': [51164, 407, 11, 1338, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10437735300215464, 'compression_ratio': 1.4742857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07102860510349274}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 338200, 'start': 3402.0, 'end': 3410.0, 'text': ' Okay, I believe Liz has another question.', 'tokens': [51364, 1033, 11, 286, 1697, 16480, 575, 1071, 1168, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10437735300215464, 'compression_ratio': 1.4742857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07102860510349274}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 341000, 'start': 3410.0, 'end': 3413.0, 'text': " Sorry, couldn't come off mute.", 'tokens': [50364, 4919, 11, 2809, 380, 808, 766, 24523, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20226510365804037, 'compression_ratio': 1.2651515151515151, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07738415896892548}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 341000, 'start': 3413.0, 'end': 3415.0, 'text': ' Andra.', 'tokens': [50514, 400, 424, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20226510365804037, 'compression_ratio': 1.2651515151515151, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07738415896892548}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 341000, 'start': 3415.0, 'end': 3422.0, 'text': ' I noticed so it was further to what Matthew said about getting involved with local activists and other people responding to this.', 'tokens': [50614, 286, 5694, 370, 309, 390, 3052, 281, 437, 12434, 848, 466, 1242, 3288, 365, 2654, 23042, 293, 661, 561, 16670, 281, 341, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20226510365804037, 'compression_ratio': 1.2651515151515151, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07738415896892548}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 342200, 'start': 3422.0, 'end': 3439.0, 'text': " So, I'm wondering if having, have you spoken to any of these local people on the ground who don't have the access. And have you heard any stories, any ways that they're handling this stuff coming into that custom Genesis space at all.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 286, 478, 6359, 498, 1419, 11, 362, 291, 10759, 281, 604, 295, 613, 2654, 561, 322, 264, 2727, 567, 500, 380, 362, 264, 2105, 13, 400, 362, 291, 2198, 604, 3676, 11, 604, 2098, 300, 436, 434, 13175, 341, 1507, 1348, 666, 300, 2375, 20587, 1901, 412, 439, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19786275443384202, 'compression_ratio': 1.437125748502994, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4534558653831482}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 342200, 'start': 3439.0, 'end': 3441.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [51214, 865, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19786275443384202, 'compression_ratio': 1.437125748502994, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4534558653831482}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 344100, 'start': 3441.0, 'end': 3451.0, 'text': " Because we cannot travel too much or why couldn't travel because of lockdown in the past six weeks or six months.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 321, 2644, 3147, 886, 709, 420, 983, 2809, 380, 3147, 570, 295, 17267, 294, 264, 1791, 2309, 3259, 420, 2309, 2493, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17370178081371165, 'compression_ratio': 1.202127659574468, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10433658957481384}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 345100, 'start': 3451.0, 'end': 3471.0, 'text': " So basically, maybe it's artificial too but then Twitter is not the real world but I, I, I extracted Twitter data and they extracted complaints and, you know, when somebody writes a thread is like what happens to them and how, when they cannot pay.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 1936, 11, 1310, 309, 311, 11677, 886, 457, 550, 5794, 307, 406, 264, 957, 1002, 457, 286, 11, 286, 11, 286, 34086, 5794, 1412, 293, 436, 34086, 19585, 293, 11, 291, 458, 11, 562, 2618, 13657, 257, 7207, 307, 411, 437, 2314, 281, 552, 293, 577, 11, 562, 436, 2644, 1689, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18589955045465836, 'compression_ratio': 1.5403726708074534, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1304561197757721}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 347100, 'start': 3471.0, 'end': 3489.0, 'text': " And, and how they deal with this, I think it, what strikes me it's a dramatic situation when something critical happens in somebody's life and they cannot do that basic thing to pay to take a cab to go to the hospital.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 11, 293, 577, 436, 2028, 365, 341, 11, 286, 519, 309, 11, 437, 16750, 385, 309, 311, 257, 12023, 2590, 562, 746, 4924, 2314, 294, 2618, 311, 993, 293, 436, 2644, 360, 300, 3875, 551, 281, 1689, 281, 747, 257, 5487, 281, 352, 281, 264, 4530, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16609442618585402, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.061280205845832825}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 347100, 'start': 3489.0, 'end': 3493.0, 'text': ' They cannot check out of a hotel.', 'tokens': [51264, 814, 2644, 1520, 484, 295, 257, 7622, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16609442618585402, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.061280205845832825}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 349300, 'start': 3493.0, 'end': 3515.0, 'text': ' They are stranded somewhere where they are not familiar with those are the most dramatic situation as for us for the usual ones. They are even documented by the regulator but by the FCA and I think this is what started me on this path so the, the most representative population caught up in this', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 366, 44394, 4079, 689, 436, 366, 406, 4963, 365, 729, 366, 264, 881, 12023, 2590, 382, 337, 505, 337, 264, 7713, 2306, 13, 814, 366, 754, 23007, 538, 264, 36250, 457, 538, 264, 479, 15515, 293, 286, 519, 341, 307, 437, 1409, 385, 322, 341, 3100, 370, 264, 11, 264, 881, 12424, 4415, 5415, 493, 294, 341, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2003217512561429, 'compression_ratio': 1.586021505376344, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10747382044792175}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 351500, 'start': 3515.0, 'end': 3536.0, 'text': " the older age population, which need to take a cab to go to the need for I don't know 16 pounds one way 16 pounds the other way to be able to do a financial transaction.", 'tokens': [50364, 264, 4906, 3205, 4415, 11, 597, 643, 281, 747, 257, 5487, 281, 352, 281, 264, 643, 337, 286, 500, 380, 458, 3165, 8319, 472, 636, 3165, 8319, 264, 661, 636, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 360, 257, 4669, 14425, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1545286400373592, 'compression_ratio': 1.352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1534067839384079}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 353600, 'start': 3537.0, 'end': 3546.0, 'text': " The cost of a financial transaction for that category of population, it's massive it's 32 pounds you know for some of them.", 'tokens': [50414, 440, 2063, 295, 257, 4669, 14425, 337, 300, 7719, 295, 4415, 11, 309, 311, 5994, 309, 311, 8858, 8319, 291, 458, 337, 512, 295, 552, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1729197343190511, 'compression_ratio': 1.1826923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.235880047082901}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 354600, 'start': 3546.0, 'end': 3566.0, 'text': " And some of them they don't they are not independent they are not independent they need help so they're, you know, it becomes extremely expensive so there are cases documented by the regulator and in my examples looking what happens my examples come from Twitter but I plan to go locally and interview people when this will be possible.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 512, 295, 552, 436, 500, 380, 436, 366, 406, 6695, 436, 366, 406, 6695, 436, 643, 854, 370, 436, 434, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 3643, 4664, 5124, 370, 456, 366, 3331, 23007, 538, 264, 36250, 293, 294, 452, 5110, 1237, 437, 2314, 452, 5110, 808, 490, 5794, 457, 286, 1393, 281, 352, 16143, 293, 4049, 561, 562, 341, 486, 312, 1944, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1884173365200267, 'compression_ratio': 1.6633663366336633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13441115617752075}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 356600, 'start': 3566.0, 'end': 3577.0, 'text': ' My mum lives in a little village in Dorset, miles away from the local town and they closed her post office. So this is really dear to my heart thank you.', 'tokens': [50364, 1222, 14697, 2909, 294, 257, 707, 7288, 294, 413, 830, 302, 11, 6193, 1314, 490, 264, 2654, 3954, 293, 436, 5395, 720, 2183, 3398, 13, 407, 341, 307, 534, 6875, 281, 452, 1917, 1309, 291, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22216729194887222, 'compression_ratio': 1.6307053941908713, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1314103901386261}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 356600, 'start': 3577.0, 'end': 3591.0, 'text': " Well, thank you. Thanks for that, and thanks for the questions Liz and Matthew and the audience. There's a comment here from Matthew saying he's shocked to hear that you suggest that Twitter is in the real world because it can be too real.", 'tokens': [50914, 1042, 11, 1309, 291, 13, 2561, 337, 300, 11, 293, 3231, 337, 264, 1651, 16480, 293, 12434, 293, 264, 4034, 13, 821, 311, 257, 2871, 510, 490, 12434, 1566, 415, 311, 12763, 281, 1568, 300, 291, 3402, 300, 5794, 307, 294, 264, 957, 1002, 570, 309, 393, 312, 886, 957, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22216729194887222, 'compression_ratio': 1.6307053941908713, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1314103901386261}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 359100, 'start': 3591.0, 'end': 3602.0, 'text': " I'm one Twitter a lot of time so most of the day probably. But yeah, I got it. But thanks again, Andrew, and we're going to move on to Liz who's the last speaker last but not least.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 472, 5794, 257, 688, 295, 565, 370, 881, 295, 264, 786, 1391, 13, 583, 1338, 11, 286, 658, 309, 13, 583, 3231, 797, 11, 10110, 11, 293, 321, 434, 516, 281, 1286, 322, 281, 16480, 567, 311, 264, 1036, 8145, 1036, 457, 406, 1935, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22178823736649525, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020619668066501617}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 359100, 'start': 3602.0, 'end': 3609.0, 'text': " So over to you Liz and then we'll get on with the questions again after your talk.", 'tokens': [50914, 407, 670, 281, 291, 16480, 293, 550, 321, 603, 483, 322, 365, 264, 1651, 797, 934, 428, 751, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22178823736649525, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020619668066501617}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 359100, 'start': 3609.0, 'end': 3613.0, 'text': ' Thank you very much.', 'tokens': [51264, 1044, 291, 588, 709, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22178823736649525, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020619668066501617}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 361300, 'start': 3613.0, 'end': 3618.0, 'text': ' So,', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16161984573175878, 'compression_ratio': 1.6574585635359116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02984592132270336}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 361300, 'start': 3618.0, 'end': 3623.0, 'text': " we're at map camp, right do maps do good we wouldn't be here if we didn't think they did.", 'tokens': [50614, 321, 434, 412, 4471, 2255, 11, 558, 360, 11317, 360, 665, 321, 2759, 380, 312, 510, 498, 321, 994, 380, 519, 436, 630, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16161984573175878, 'compression_ratio': 1.6574585635359116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02984592132270336}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 361300, 'start': 3623.0, 'end': 3628.0, 'text': " We've already heard some stuff from Matthew has some stuff from Andrew around maps do good.", 'tokens': [50864, 492, 600, 1217, 2198, 512, 1507, 490, 12434, 575, 512, 1507, 490, 10110, 926, 11317, 360, 665, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16161984573175878, 'compression_ratio': 1.6574585635359116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02984592132270336}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 361300, 'start': 3628.0, 'end': 3636.0, 'text': " I think maps do good when they're not doing bad. So as long as we can eliminate the times when maps are doing bad.", 'tokens': [51114, 286, 519, 11317, 360, 665, 562, 436, 434, 406, 884, 1578, 13, 407, 382, 938, 382, 321, 393, 13819, 264, 1413, 562, 11317, 366, 884, 1578, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16161984573175878, 'compression_ratio': 1.6574585635359116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02984592132270336}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 363600, 'start': 3636.0, 'end': 3647.0, 'text': " We'll be doing good with them. I think there are two times when schools of any kind, particularly things like maps can can do that.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 603, 312, 884, 665, 365, 552, 13, 286, 519, 456, 366, 732, 1413, 562, 4656, 295, 604, 733, 11, 4098, 721, 411, 11317, 393, 393, 360, 300, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18798151883212003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4379084967320261, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3345055878162384}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 363600, 'start': 3647.0, 'end': 3654.0, 'text': ' One of them. The first one is when the bad people have better maps than the good people.', 'tokens': [50914, 1485, 295, 552, 13, 440, 700, 472, 307, 562, 264, 1578, 561, 362, 1101, 11317, 813, 264, 665, 561, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18798151883212003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4379084967320261, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3345055878162384}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 365400, 'start': 3654.0, 'end': 3667.0, 'text': " Matthew's already talked a little bit about what he sees as bad and good. So I'm going to clarify what I mean, and it's around this concept of privilege which I know gets thrown around a lot so I'm going to explain what I mean really really clearly.", 'tokens': [50364, 12434, 311, 1217, 2825, 257, 707, 857, 466, 437, 415, 8194, 382, 1578, 293, 665, 13, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 17594, 437, 286, 914, 11, 293, 309, 311, 926, 341, 3410, 295, 12122, 597, 286, 458, 2170, 11732, 926, 257, 688, 370, 286, 478, 516, 281, 2903, 437, 286, 914, 534, 534, 4448, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09601299851029008, 'compression_ratio': 1.6303317535545023, 'no_speech_prob': 0.33955901861190796}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 365400, 'start': 3667.0, 'end': 3675.0, 'text': ' When people who have lots and lots of choice in the world and can do lots of different things.', 'tokens': [51014, 1133, 561, 567, 362, 3195, 293, 3195, 295, 3922, 294, 264, 1002, 293, 393, 360, 3195, 295, 819, 721, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09601299851029008, 'compression_ratio': 1.6303317535545023, 'no_speech_prob': 0.33955901861190796}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 367500, 'start': 3675.0, 'end': 3687.0, 'text': ' They use tools to accrue more choices to themselves in at the expense of people with less choices and their choices.', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 764, 3873, 281, 1317, 41729, 544, 7994, 281, 2969, 294, 412, 264, 18406, 295, 561, 365, 1570, 7994, 293, 641, 7994, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12192899650997585, 'compression_ratio': 1.574468085106383, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13204847276210785}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 367500, 'start': 3687.0, 'end': 3692.0, 'text': " That's bad. Right, so you're creating choice imbalance.", 'tokens': [50964, 663, 311, 1578, 13, 1779, 11, 370, 291, 434, 4084, 3922, 43007, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12192899650997585, 'compression_ratio': 1.574468085106383, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13204847276210785}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 367500, 'start': 3692.0, 'end': 3703.0, 'text': ' So somebody who has lots and lots of money, never has to worry about how to get somewhere or where to get health care, etc.', 'tokens': [51214, 407, 2618, 567, 575, 3195, 293, 3195, 295, 1460, 11, 1128, 575, 281, 3292, 466, 577, 281, 483, 4079, 420, 689, 281, 483, 1585, 1127, 11, 5183, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12192899650997585, 'compression_ratio': 1.574468085106383, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13204847276210785}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 370300, 'start': 3703.0, 'end': 3715.0, 'text': " So you can actually map this as well. So you can look at where is choice a really new thing or a thing that's ephemeral and it's not stable yet.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 393, 767, 4471, 341, 382, 731, 13, 407, 291, 393, 574, 412, 689, 307, 3922, 257, 534, 777, 551, 420, 257, 551, 300, 311, 308, 41245, 2790, 293, 309, 311, 406, 8351, 1939, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15002616447738454, 'compression_ratio': 1.5518867924528301, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02991310879588127}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 370300, 'start': 3715.0, 'end': 3728.0, 'text': " So I think the people with fewest choices are people on low lying Pacific Islands and tribes in the Amazon rainforest who don't even know that they should be campaigning with their MP.", 'tokens': [50964, 407, 286, 519, 264, 561, 365, 1326, 377, 7994, 366, 561, 322, 2295, 8493, 13335, 23492, 293, 19035, 294, 264, 6795, 48531, 567, 500, 380, 754, 458, 300, 436, 820, 312, 37597, 9676, 365, 641, 14146, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15002616447738454, 'compression_ratio': 1.5518867924528301, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02991310879588127}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 372800, 'start': 3728.0, 'end': 3735.0, 'text': " They don't even know what's about to hit them and they've got no choice. We've got all the choices about that they don't have any choices.", 'tokens': [50364, 814, 500, 380, 754, 458, 437, 311, 466, 281, 2045, 552, 293, 436, 600, 658, 572, 3922, 13, 492, 600, 658, 439, 264, 7994, 466, 300, 436, 500, 380, 362, 604, 7994, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14577740292216457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6780487804878048, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23573096096515656}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 372800, 'start': 3735.0, 'end': 3744.0, 'text': ' I think that then you start going down into, you know, places where choice and opportunity is a relatively new thing.', 'tokens': [50714, 286, 519, 300, 550, 291, 722, 516, 760, 666, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3190, 689, 3922, 293, 2650, 307, 257, 7226, 777, 551, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14577740292216457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6780487804878048, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23573096096515656}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 372800, 'start': 3744.0, 'end': 3752.0, 'text': " So disabilities, people of color, and then women, we haven't had to vote all that long.", 'tokens': [51164, 407, 13367, 11, 561, 295, 2017, 11, 293, 550, 2266, 11, 321, 2378, 380, 632, 281, 4740, 439, 300, 938, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14577740292216457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6780487804878048, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23573096096515656}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 375200, 'start': 3752.0, 'end': 3756.0, 'text': ' Black women have less fewer choices than white women do.', 'tokens': [50364, 4076, 2266, 362, 1570, 13366, 7994, 813, 2418, 2266, 360, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17645416259765626, 'compression_ratio': 1.6025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01939755491912365}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 375200, 'start': 3756.0, 'end': 3771.0, 'text': " And then, of course, you get down to the commodities and the people who've always had lots and lots of choices, middle class, middle aged white male, they're the commoditized owners of choices.", 'tokens': [50564, 400, 550, 11, 295, 1164, 11, 291, 483, 760, 281, 264, 40777, 293, 264, 561, 567, 600, 1009, 632, 3195, 293, 3195, 295, 7994, 11, 2808, 1508, 11, 2808, 21213, 2418, 7133, 11, 436, 434, 264, 19931, 270, 1602, 7710, 295, 7994, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17645416259765626, 'compression_ratio': 1.6025641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01939755491912365}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 377100, 'start': 3771.0, 'end': 3787.0, 'text': ' You can also look at corporations, so you know, oil companies, because they are rich have lots and lots of choice available to them and they have been using that ferociously over the last few decades to try and keep hold of their choices.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 611, 574, 412, 17676, 11, 370, 291, 458, 11, 3184, 3431, 11, 570, 436, 366, 4593, 362, 3195, 293, 3195, 295, 3922, 2435, 281, 552, 293, 436, 362, 668, 1228, 300, 283, 2032, 4139, 356, 670, 264, 1036, 1326, 7878, 281, 853, 293, 1066, 1797, 295, 641, 7994, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11059200980446555, 'compression_ratio': 1.515923566878981, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4788306951522827}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 378700, 'start': 3787.0, 'end': 3798.0, 'text': " So if we're going to give maps to anyone, I would like to see, I would like to see us making sure that we help people to map when they have fewer choices.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 321, 434, 516, 281, 976, 11317, 281, 2878, 11, 286, 576, 411, 281, 536, 11, 286, 576, 411, 281, 536, 505, 1455, 988, 300, 321, 854, 561, 281, 4471, 562, 436, 362, 13366, 7994, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09894828918652657, 'compression_ratio': 1.8977272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1076841801404953}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 378700, 'start': 3798.0, 'end': 3808.0, 'text': ' You know, when they live less than three miles from your local post office, more than three miles from your local post office, those people helping those people have more choices.', 'tokens': [50914, 509, 458, 11, 562, 436, 1621, 1570, 813, 1045, 6193, 490, 428, 2654, 2183, 3398, 11, 544, 813, 1045, 6193, 490, 428, 2654, 2183, 3398, 11, 729, 561, 4315, 729, 561, 362, 544, 7994, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09894828918652657, 'compression_ratio': 1.8977272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1076841801404953}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 380800, 'start': 3809.0, 'end': 3823.0, 'text': " So that's the first one, and this is true of any tool. It's not just true of, of what he maps to have any tool that offers choices to people and helps them see what choices are available and negotiate better choices themselves.", 'tokens': [50414, 407, 300, 311, 264, 700, 472, 11, 293, 341, 307, 2074, 295, 604, 2290, 13, 467, 311, 406, 445, 2074, 295, 11, 295, 437, 415, 11317, 281, 362, 604, 2290, 300, 7736, 7994, 281, 561, 293, 3665, 552, 536, 437, 7994, 366, 2435, 293, 21713, 1101, 7994, 2969, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1959985284244313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235955056179776, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08168477565050125}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 380800, 'start': 3823.0, 'end': 3829.0, 'text': ' The second time when maps do bad is when they are misleading.', 'tokens': [51114, 440, 1150, 565, 562, 11317, 360, 1578, 307, 562, 436, 366, 36429, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1959985284244313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235955056179776, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08168477565050125}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 382900, 'start': 3829.0, 'end': 3841.0, 'text': " And this is something I think we can be a little bit more direct about and have a little bit more fun with. And it's a bit of a devil's advocate position because we all, we know all maps are wrong when Simon talks about this a lot.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 341, 307, 746, 286, 519, 321, 393, 312, 257, 707, 857, 544, 2047, 466, 293, 362, 257, 707, 857, 544, 1019, 365, 13, 400, 309, 311, 257, 857, 295, 257, 13297, 311, 14608, 2535, 570, 321, 439, 11, 321, 458, 439, 11317, 366, 2085, 562, 13193, 6686, 466, 341, 257, 688, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10151339014735791, 'compression_ratio': 1.7549407114624507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.017645560204982758}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 382900, 'start': 3841.0, 'end': 3845.0, 'text': " They're just a model.", 'tokens': [50964, 814, 434, 445, 257, 2316, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10151339014735791, 'compression_ratio': 1.7549407114624507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.017645560204982758}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 382900, 'start': 3845.0, 'end': 3857.0, 'text': ' But I think there is something very misleading in what he maps. And I want to talk about and explore it and see if it leads us to a little bit of a different way of thinking of these things.', 'tokens': [51164, 583, 286, 519, 456, 307, 746, 588, 36429, 294, 437, 415, 11317, 13, 400, 286, 528, 281, 751, 466, 293, 6839, 309, 293, 536, 498, 309, 6689, 505, 281, 257, 707, 857, 295, 257, 819, 636, 295, 1953, 295, 613, 721, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10151339014735791, 'compression_ratio': 1.7549407114624507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.017645560204982758}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 385700, 'start': 3857.0, 'end': 3869.0, 'text': " Now I'm still even now more familiar with Canevin than I am with more, more D maps. So for those of you, I'm just going to type that just in case anybody hasn't come across it.", 'tokens': [50364, 823, 286, 478, 920, 754, 586, 544, 4963, 365, 1664, 68, 4796, 813, 286, 669, 365, 544, 11, 544, 413, 11317, 13, 407, 337, 729, 295, 291, 11, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 2010, 300, 445, 294, 1389, 4472, 6132, 380, 808, 2108, 309, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19845951304716222, 'compression_ratio': 1.5445544554455446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01587960310280323}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 385700, 'start': 3869.0, 'end': 3876.0, 'text': " How do I get to everyone? All panellists and attendees, right? I'm just going to type that because it's not spelt like it's pronounced.", 'tokens': [50964, 1012, 360, 286, 483, 281, 1518, 30, 1057, 2462, 898, 1751, 293, 34826, 11, 558, 30, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 2010, 300, 570, 309, 311, 406, 637, 2018, 411, 309, 311, 23155, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19845951304716222, 'compression_ratio': 1.5445544554455446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01587960310280323}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 387600, 'start': 3876.0, 'end': 3885.0, 'text': " You can go have a look at that. It's a framework that's related. It's a framework for making sense of different situations, depending on how predictable and unpredictable they are.", 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 352, 362, 257, 574, 412, 300, 13, 467, 311, 257, 8388, 300, 311, 4077, 13, 467, 311, 257, 8388, 337, 1455, 2020, 295, 819, 6851, 11, 5413, 322, 577, 27737, 293, 31160, 436, 366, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459359460947466, 'compression_ratio': 1.646090534979424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6934520602226257}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 387600, 'start': 3885.0, 'end': 3889.0, 'text': ' It has a huge amount in common with Watery maps.', 'tokens': [50814, 467, 575, 257, 2603, 2372, 294, 2689, 365, 8772, 88, 11317, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459359460947466, 'compression_ratio': 1.646090534979424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6934520602226257}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 387600, 'start': 3889.0, 'end': 3900.0, 'text': " Dave Snowdon who created the Canevin frameworks. I'm a Watery hang out an awful lot. I have the privilege to hang out with them occasionally on a Friday. It's really fun.", 'tokens': [51014, 11017, 14827, 13966, 567, 2942, 264, 1664, 68, 4796, 29834, 13, 286, 478, 257, 8772, 88, 3967, 484, 364, 11232, 688, 13, 286, 362, 264, 12122, 281, 3967, 484, 365, 552, 16895, 322, 257, 6984, 13, 467, 311, 534, 1019, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459359460947466, 'compression_ratio': 1.646090534979424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6934520602226257}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 390000, 'start': 3900.0, 'end': 3909.0, 'text': " I want to share something from the Canevin, the world of Canevin. So let me just share this with you. It's only a couple of slides I've got for this talk.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 528, 281, 2073, 746, 490, 264, 1664, 68, 4796, 11, 264, 1002, 295, 1664, 68, 4796, 13, 407, 718, 385, 445, 2073, 341, 365, 291, 13, 467, 311, 787, 257, 1916, 295, 9788, 286, 600, 658, 337, 341, 751, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15209743657062963, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315315315315314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0634150356054306}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 390000, 'start': 3909.0, 'end': 3913.0, 'text': " Where's it gone? There we are.", 'tokens': [50814, 2305, 311, 309, 2780, 30, 821, 321, 366, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15209743657062963, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315315315315314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0634150356054306}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 390000, 'start': 3913.0, 'end': 3919.0, 'text': " Okay. So, don't know if you can see that.", 'tokens': [51014, 1033, 13, 407, 11, 500, 380, 458, 498, 291, 393, 536, 300, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15209743657062963, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315315315315314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0634150356054306}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 390000, 'start': 3919.0, 'end': 3928.0, 'text': ' Right. So this is a fitness landscape. And this concept comes from the complexity thinkers of the Canevin world.', 'tokens': [51314, 1779, 13, 407, 341, 307, 257, 15303, 9661, 13, 400, 341, 3410, 1487, 490, 264, 14024, 37895, 295, 264, 1664, 68, 4796, 1002, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15209743657062963, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315315315315314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0634150356054306}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 392800, 'start': 3928.0, 'end': 3939.0, 'text': " Particularly Dave Snowdon's company Cognitive Edge creates these. So what they do is they send out a little survey and the survey has a prompt that it's neither positive or negative.", 'tokens': [50364, 32281, 11017, 14827, 13966, 311, 2237, 383, 2912, 2187, 19328, 7829, 613, 13, 407, 437, 436, 360, 307, 436, 2845, 484, 257, 707, 8984, 293, 264, 8984, 575, 257, 12391, 300, 309, 311, 9662, 3353, 420, 3671, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10486229983243076, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01664041168987751}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 392800, 'start': 3939.0, 'end': 3946.0, 'text': ' So it might be, imagine that your best friend is taking a job with your organization. What story do you tell them?', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 309, 1062, 312, 11, 3811, 300, 428, 1151, 1277, 307, 1940, 257, 1691, 365, 428, 4475, 13, 708, 1657, 360, 291, 980, 552, 30, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10486229983243076, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01664041168987751}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 392800, 'start': 3946.0, 'end': 3954.0, 'text': ' Or it might be tell us a story about your life in your country or tell us a story about trying to bank at the post office.', 'tokens': [51264, 1610, 309, 1062, 312, 980, 505, 257, 1657, 466, 428, 993, 294, 428, 1941, 420, 980, 505, 257, 1657, 466, 1382, 281, 3765, 412, 264, 2183, 3398, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10486229983243076, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01664041168987751}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 395400, 'start': 3954.0, 'end': 3957.0, 'text': ' Right. Or banking at the post office.', 'tokens': [50364, 1779, 13, 1610, 18261, 412, 264, 2183, 3398, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24887789998735702, 'compression_ratio': 1.452054794520548, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01707625761628151}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 395400, 'start': 3957.0, 'end': 3970.0, 'text': " And then you can, they have these little triads. So here's one of the triads and they ask, okay, in your story, in your story was handling shaped by emotions inside politics.", 'tokens': [50514, 400, 550, 291, 393, 11, 436, 362, 613, 707, 1376, 5834, 13, 407, 510, 311, 472, 295, 264, 1376, 5834, 293, 436, 1029, 11, 1392, 11, 294, 428, 1657, 11, 294, 428, 1657, 390, 13175, 13475, 538, 8462, 1854, 7341, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24887789998735702, 'compression_ratio': 1.452054794520548, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01707625761628151}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 397000, 'start': 3970.0, 'end': 3982.0, 'text': " And they ask you to move a counter to signify where your story sits in that little triad. And you can see in this triad, you've got these emotions.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 436, 1029, 291, 281, 1286, 257, 5682, 281, 1465, 2505, 689, 428, 1657, 12696, 294, 300, 707, 1376, 345, 13, 400, 291, 393, 536, 294, 341, 1376, 345, 11, 291, 600, 658, 613, 8462, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312831531871449, 'compression_ratio': 1.5680473372781065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.057829346507787704}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 397000, 'start': 3982.0, 'end': 3990.0, 'text': ' The emotions have fewer dots there than there are in the others. Okay. So you can start seeing these patterns emerge.', 'tokens': [50964, 440, 8462, 362, 13366, 15026, 456, 813, 456, 366, 294, 264, 2357, 13, 1033, 13, 407, 291, 393, 722, 2577, 613, 8294, 21511, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312831531871449, 'compression_ratio': 1.5680473372781065, 'no_speech_prob': 0.057829346507787704}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 399000, 'start': 3990.0, 'end': 3998.0, 'text': " You've got enough of these triads and one of them they've got kind of six of these triangles. So that's 18 different axes you can come up with.", 'tokens': [50364, 509, 600, 658, 1547, 295, 613, 1376, 5834, 293, 472, 295, 552, 436, 600, 658, 733, 295, 2309, 295, 613, 29896, 13, 407, 300, 311, 2443, 819, 35387, 291, 393, 808, 493, 365, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08496265078699866, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09425106644630432}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 399000, 'start': 3998.0, 'end': 4003.0, 'text': ' You can start seeing patterns. And so they create these fitness landscapes.', 'tokens': [50764, 509, 393, 722, 2577, 8294, 13, 400, 370, 436, 1884, 613, 15303, 29822, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08496265078699866, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09425106644630432}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 399000, 'start': 4003.0, 'end': 4008.0, 'text': ' So where you get a little tight cluster of dots.', 'tokens': [51014, 407, 689, 291, 483, 257, 707, 4524, 13630, 295, 15026, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08496265078699866, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09425106644630432}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 399000, 'start': 4008.0, 'end': 4015.0, 'text': ' That little tight cluster of dots is a bunch of people all telling the similar stories.', 'tokens': [51264, 663, 707, 4524, 13630, 295, 15026, 307, 257, 3840, 295, 561, 439, 3585, 264, 2531, 3676, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08496265078699866, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09425106644630432}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 401500, 'start': 4015.0, 'end': 4020.0, 'text': ' If you decide that one of the directions you want to move in is better.', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 291, 4536, 300, 472, 295, 264, 11095, 291, 528, 281, 1286, 294, 307, 1101, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11060520246917126, 'compression_ratio': 1.84, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004834980238229036}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 401500, 'start': 4020.0, 'end': 4024.0, 'text': " You want to move that little cluster of dots so they're telling better stories.", 'tokens': [50614, 509, 528, 281, 1286, 300, 707, 13630, 295, 15026, 370, 436, 434, 3585, 1101, 3676, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11060520246917126, 'compression_ratio': 1.84, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004834980238229036}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 401500, 'start': 4024.0, 'end': 4034.0, 'text': " Right. It's really, really hard to move a little cluster of dots if there's no other people telling stories near them.", 'tokens': [50814, 1779, 13, 467, 311, 534, 11, 534, 1152, 281, 1286, 257, 707, 13630, 295, 15026, 498, 456, 311, 572, 661, 561, 3585, 3676, 2651, 552, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11060520246917126, 'compression_ratio': 1.84, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004834980238229036}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 401500, 'start': 4034.0, 'end': 4042.0, 'text': " You can see these, this is like a, it's like a landscape. It's three dimensional and there's energy that's needed to move to a different place.", 'tokens': [51314, 509, 393, 536, 613, 11, 341, 307, 411, 257, 11, 309, 311, 411, 257, 9661, 13, 467, 311, 1045, 18795, 293, 456, 311, 2281, 300, 311, 2978, 281, 1286, 281, 257, 819, 1081, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11060520246917126, 'compression_ratio': 1.84, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004834980238229036}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 404200, 'start': 4042.0, 'end': 4051.0, 'text': " So if you've got another group of people telling similar stories but a bit different, a bit better, it's what they call an adjacent possible.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 291, 600, 658, 1071, 1594, 295, 561, 3585, 2531, 3676, 457, 257, 857, 819, 11, 257, 857, 1101, 11, 309, 311, 437, 436, 818, 364, 24441, 1944, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07424791143574846, 'compression_ratio': 1.7829457364341086, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005690017249435186}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 404200, 'start': 4051.0, 'end': 4059.0, 'text': " So you can move people from where their little settlement is there over to this other place that's a bit better.", 'tokens': [50814, 407, 291, 393, 1286, 561, 490, 689, 641, 707, 18130, 307, 456, 670, 281, 341, 661, 1081, 300, 311, 257, 857, 1101, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07424791143574846, 'compression_ratio': 1.7829457364341086, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005690017249435186}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 404200, 'start': 4059.0, 'end': 4065.0, 'text': " If there's nothing around them, if they're just surrounded by mountain ranges, it's really, really hard to get them to move.", 'tokens': [51214, 759, 456, 311, 1825, 926, 552, 11, 498, 436, 434, 445, 13221, 538, 6937, 22526, 11, 309, 311, 534, 11, 534, 1152, 281, 483, 552, 281, 1286, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07424791143574846, 'compression_ratio': 1.7829457364341086, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005690017249435186}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 404200, 'start': 4065.0, 'end': 4070.0, 'text': " And it's much easier to get them to move around a mountain than over a mountain.", 'tokens': [51514, 400, 309, 311, 709, 3571, 281, 483, 552, 281, 1286, 926, 257, 6937, 813, 670, 257, 6937, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07424791143574846, 'compression_ratio': 1.7829457364341086, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005690017249435186}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 407000, 'start': 4070.0, 'end': 4078.0, 'text': ' Okay. So you can think of these energy gradients that you need to move people.', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 13, 407, 291, 393, 519, 295, 613, 2281, 2771, 2448, 300, 291, 643, 281, 1286, 561, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08579692106980544, 'compression_ratio': 1.5818181818181818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032775867730379105}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 407000, 'start': 4078.0, 'end': 4081.0, 'text': " That's inertia.", 'tokens': [50764, 663, 311, 37234, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08579692106980544, 'compression_ratio': 1.5818181818181818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032775867730379105}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 407000, 'start': 4081.0, 'end': 4089.0, 'text': " That's these little dotted lines. Right. That's what prevents people from moving.", 'tokens': [50914, 663, 311, 613, 707, 37459, 3876, 13, 1779, 13, 663, 311, 437, 22367, 561, 490, 2684, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08579692106980544, 'compression_ratio': 1.5818181818181818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032775867730379105}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 407000, 'start': 4089.0, 'end': 4097.0, 'text': ' And I think the fact that they are represented by little dotted lines is misleading.', 'tokens': [51314, 400, 286, 519, 264, 1186, 300, 436, 366, 10379, 538, 707, 37459, 3876, 307, 36429, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08579692106980544, 'compression_ratio': 1.5818181818181818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032775867730379105}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 409700, 'start': 4097.0, 'end': 4106.0, 'text': " So I want, what I've done, I've redrawn the wardley map with a little bit of a template that you're welcome to think about.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 528, 11, 437, 286, 600, 1096, 11, 286, 600, 2182, 29603, 264, 15234, 3420, 4471, 365, 257, 707, 857, 295, 257, 12379, 300, 291, 434, 2928, 281, 519, 466, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15036522258411755, 'compression_ratio': 1.4833333333333334, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011672134278342128}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 409700, 'start': 4106.0, 'end': 4111.0, 'text': " And it is a devil's advocate position and I hope it's thought provoking.", 'tokens': [50814, 400, 309, 307, 257, 13297, 311, 14608, 2535, 293, 286, 1454, 309, 311, 1194, 1439, 5953, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15036522258411755, 'compression_ratio': 1.4833333333333334, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011672134278342128}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 409700, 'start': 4111.0, 'end': 4117.0, 'text': ' But I redrew the map, the wardley map, and this is what it looks like.', 'tokens': [51064, 583, 286, 2182, 2236, 264, 4471, 11, 264, 15234, 3420, 4471, 11, 293, 341, 307, 437, 309, 1542, 411, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15036522258411755, 'compression_ratio': 1.4833333333333334, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011672134278342128}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 411700, 'start': 4117.0, 'end': 4127.0, 'text': " So between each thing, you've got these dragons, these mountain ranges, you've got a yawning chasm of despair.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 1296, 1184, 551, 11, 291, 600, 658, 613, 27240, 11, 613, 6937, 22526, 11, 291, 600, 658, 257, 288, 35880, 417, 14774, 295, 25763, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11327776067397173, 'compression_ratio': 1.668141592920354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17088523507118225}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 411700, 'start': 4127.0, 'end': 4137.0, 'text': ' Right. This is what happens every time I have a discussion with somebody about their choice of architecture in technology space or their choice of technology.', 'tokens': [50864, 1779, 13, 639, 307, 437, 2314, 633, 565, 286, 362, 257, 5017, 365, 2618, 466, 641, 3922, 295, 9482, 294, 2899, 1901, 420, 641, 3922, 295, 2899, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11327776067397173, 'compression_ratio': 1.668141592920354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17088523507118225}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 411700, 'start': 4137.0, 'end': 4144.0, 'text': ' And we have a really great discussion and it just disappears into the abyss and we never ever see it again.', 'tokens': [51364, 400, 321, 362, 257, 534, 869, 5017, 293, 309, 445, 25527, 666, 264, 410, 31059, 293, 321, 1128, 1562, 536, 309, 797, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11327776067397173, 'compression_ratio': 1.668141592920354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17088523507118225}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 414400, 'start': 4144.0, 'end': 4149.0, 'text': ' So I think getting past this inertia is the quest.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 519, 1242, 1791, 341, 37234, 307, 264, 866, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12516434669494628, 'compression_ratio': 1.669811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025124600157141685}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 414400, 'start': 4149.0, 'end': 4155.0, 'text': " This is the quest. Okay. I'll put this out on the Slack channel and I'll tweet it.", 'tokens': [50614, 639, 307, 264, 866, 13, 1033, 13, 286, 603, 829, 341, 484, 322, 264, 37211, 2269, 293, 286, 603, 15258, 309, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12516434669494628, 'compression_ratio': 1.669811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025124600157141685}, {'id': 375, 'seek': 414400, 'start': 4155.0, 'end': 4161.0, 'text': ' My tweets are protected, but please just ask to follow me unless I see things on your Twitter.', 'tokens': [50914, 1222, 25671, 366, 10594, 11, 457, 1767, 445, 1029, 281, 1524, 385, 5969, 286, 536, 721, 322, 428, 5794, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12516434669494628, 'compression_ratio': 1.669811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025124600157141685}, {'id': 376, 'seek': 414400, 'start': 4161.0, 'end': 4168.0, 'text': " I don't like. I will let you follow me. So I'll put this on Twitter as well.", 'tokens': [51214, 286, 500, 380, 411, 13, 286, 486, 718, 291, 1524, 385, 13, 407, 286, 603, 829, 341, 322, 5794, 382, 731, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12516434669494628, 'compression_ratio': 1.669811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025124600157141685}, {'id': 377, 'seek': 414400, 'start': 4168.0, 'end': 4172.0, 'text': " So I'm going to stop sharing for a moment. Okay.", 'tokens': [51564, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1590, 5414, 337, 257, 1623, 13, 1033, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12516434669494628, 'compression_ratio': 1.669811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025124600157141685}, {'id': 378, 'seek': 417200, 'start': 4172.0, 'end': 4188.0, 'text': " So how to map inertia a little bit better. There's one thing which I think Kinevin does and cognitive edge and people complexity is to do with Kinevin that we don't tend to do with wardley mapping, but we could.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 577, 281, 4471, 37234, 257, 707, 857, 1101, 13, 821, 311, 472, 551, 597, 286, 519, 591, 533, 4796, 775, 293, 15605, 4691, 293, 561, 14024, 307, 281, 360, 365, 591, 533, 4796, 300, 321, 500, 380, 3928, 281, 360, 365, 15234, 3420, 18350, 11, 457, 321, 727, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.167907060361376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6170212765957446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028122577350586653}, {'id': 379, 'seek': 417200, 'start': 4188.0, 'end': 4193.0, 'text': ' In Kinevin, they say the data precedes the framework.', 'tokens': [51164, 682, 591, 533, 4796, 11, 436, 584, 264, 1412, 16969, 279, 264, 8388, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.167907060361376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6170212765957446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028122577350586653}, {'id': 380, 'seek': 417200, 'start': 4193.0, 'end': 4197.0, 'text': ' We tend to use wardley mapping more like a categorization tool.', 'tokens': [51414, 492, 3928, 281, 764, 15234, 3420, 18350, 544, 411, 257, 19250, 2144, 2290, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.167907060361376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6170212765957446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028122577350586653}, {'id': 381, 'seek': 417200, 'start': 4197.0, 'end': 4201.0, 'text': " So I'll draw the map and then put the stuff in it.", 'tokens': [51614, 407, 286, 603, 2642, 264, 4471, 293, 550, 829, 264, 1507, 294, 309, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.167907060361376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6170212765957446, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028122577350586653}, {'id': 382, 'seek': 420100, 'start': 4201.0, 'end': 4217.0, 'text': ' Instead, what I suggest trying is put all your bits on the map and make them relative to each other. So how stable, how mature are they, how visible are they, and then after that work out where the boundaries are.', 'tokens': [50364, 7156, 11, 437, 286, 3402, 1382, 307, 829, 439, 428, 9239, 322, 264, 4471, 293, 652, 552, 4972, 281, 1184, 661, 13, 407, 577, 8351, 11, 577, 14442, 366, 436, 11, 577, 8974, 366, 436, 11, 293, 550, 934, 300, 589, 484, 689, 264, 13180, 366, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11037533004562576, 'compression_ratio': 1.6287128712871286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002720198594033718}, {'id': 383, 'seek': 420100, 'start': 4217.0, 'end': 4225.0, 'text': ' And your boundaries will be constraints. They will be constraints that prevent them from moving to the right.', 'tokens': [51164, 400, 428, 13180, 486, 312, 18491, 13, 814, 486, 312, 18491, 300, 4871, 552, 490, 2684, 281, 264, 558, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11037533004562576, 'compression_ratio': 1.6287128712871286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002720198594033718}, {'id': 384, 'seek': 420100, 'start': 4225.0, 'end': 4226.0, 'text': ' Okay.', 'tokens': [51564, 1033, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11037533004562576, 'compression_ratio': 1.6287128712871286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002720198594033718}, {'id': 385, 'seek': 422600, 'start': 4226.0, 'end': 4237.0, 'text': " When you start looking at those constraints after you've already got the stuff, I think you're more likely to see really interesting constraints and you're more likely to go.", 'tokens': [50364, 1133, 291, 722, 1237, 412, 729, 18491, 934, 291, 600, 1217, 658, 264, 1507, 11, 286, 519, 291, 434, 544, 3700, 281, 536, 534, 1880, 18491, 293, 291, 434, 544, 3700, 281, 352, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10157770580715603, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037413097452372313}, {'id': 386, 'seek': 422600, 'start': 4237.0, 'end': 4241.0, 'text': " Oh, wow, there's a thing that we never have a talk about.", 'tokens': [50914, 876, 11, 6076, 11, 456, 311, 257, 551, 300, 321, 1128, 362, 257, 751, 466, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10157770580715603, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037413097452372313}, {'id': 387, 'seek': 422600, 'start': 4241.0, 'end': 4244.0, 'text': ' So being able to map those constraints.', 'tokens': [51114, 407, 885, 1075, 281, 4471, 729, 18491, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10157770580715603, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037413097452372313}, {'id': 388, 'seek': 422600, 'start': 4244.0, 'end': 4253.0, 'text': " I think that will make it less misleading. I think you'll end up with boundaries in better places. I think you'll discover weird things about the boundaries. They won't just be straight lines.", 'tokens': [51264, 286, 519, 300, 486, 652, 309, 1570, 36429, 13, 286, 519, 291, 603, 917, 493, 365, 13180, 294, 1101, 3190, 13, 286, 519, 291, 603, 4411, 3657, 721, 466, 264, 13180, 13, 814, 1582, 380, 445, 312, 2997, 3876, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10157770580715603, 'compression_ratio': 1.8525896414342629, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037413097452372313}, {'id': 389, 'seek': 425300, 'start': 4253.0, 'end': 4264.0, 'text': " They will be twisted and that will be okay. You'll find that boundary boundaries, which are completely unnecessary. I think that that will make the map less misleading.", 'tokens': [50364, 814, 486, 312, 23057, 293, 300, 486, 312, 1392, 13, 509, 603, 915, 300, 12866, 13180, 11, 597, 366, 2584, 19350, 13, 286, 519, 300, 300, 486, 652, 264, 4471, 1570, 36429, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08760169789760927, 'compression_ratio': 1.619718309859155, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007842472987249494}, {'id': 390, 'seek': 425300, 'start': 4264.0, 'end': 4270.0, 'text': " There's one other thing that I wanted to talk about about inertia and I think I've got a few minutes.", 'tokens': [50914, 821, 311, 472, 661, 551, 300, 286, 1415, 281, 751, 466, 466, 37234, 293, 286, 519, 286, 600, 658, 257, 1326, 2077, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08760169789760927, 'compression_ratio': 1.619718309859155, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007842472987249494}, {'id': 391, 'seek': 425300, 'start': 4270.0, 'end': 4277.0, 'text': ' So you can probably hear I care kind of passionately about climate change.', 'tokens': [51214, 407, 291, 393, 1391, 1568, 286, 1127, 733, 295, 5418, 1592, 466, 5659, 1319, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08760169789760927, 'compression_ratio': 1.619718309859155, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007842472987249494}, {'id': 392, 'seek': 427700, 'start': 4277.0, 'end': 4292.0, 'text': ' One of the things that Simon talked about it was when I was looking at technology and how it was moving and how how industrial revolutions happened. I was asked by one conference talk about industrial revolutions.', 'tokens': [50364, 1485, 295, 264, 721, 300, 13193, 2825, 466, 309, 390, 562, 286, 390, 1237, 412, 2899, 293, 577, 309, 390, 2684, 293, 577, 577, 9987, 3698, 15892, 2011, 13, 286, 390, 2351, 538, 472, 7586, 751, 466, 9987, 3698, 15892, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1385621600680881, 'compression_ratio': 1.5547445255474452, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016169797629117966}, {'id': 393, 'seek': 429200, 'start': 4292.0, 'end': 4307.0, 'text': " Simon put me onto this awesome awesome book by Carlos a pair of parents technological revolutions and financial capital. And it's all about it says above dynamics and bubbles of golden ages so it's about revolutions and how they happen.", 'tokens': [50364, 13193, 829, 385, 3911, 341, 3476, 3476, 1446, 538, 19646, 257, 6119, 295, 3152, 18439, 3698, 15892, 293, 4669, 4238, 13, 400, 309, 311, 439, 466, 309, 1619, 3673, 15679, 293, 16295, 295, 9729, 12357, 370, 309, 311, 466, 3698, 15892, 293, 577, 436, 1051, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29890603078922756, 'compression_ratio': 1.6122448979591837, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023713236674666405}, {'id': 394, 'seek': 429200, 'start': 4307.0, 'end': 4312.0, 'text': ' And one of the things that she talks about is this concept of kondratiev waves.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 750, 6686, 466, 307, 341, 3410, 295, 350, 684, 4481, 9037, 9417, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29890603078922756, 'compression_ratio': 1.6122448979591837, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023713236674666405}, {'id': 395, 'seek': 431200, 'start': 4312.0, 'end': 4319.0, 'text': " So I'm just going to share again really really quickly show your picture of a kondratiev wave.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 2073, 797, 534, 534, 2661, 855, 428, 3036, 295, 257, 350, 684, 4481, 9037, 5772, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1710065259771832, 'compression_ratio': 1.371212121212121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2094319611787796}, {'id': 396, 'seek': 431200, 'start': 4319.0, 'end': 4323.0, 'text': " That's", 'tokens': [50714, 663, 311, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1710065259771832, 'compression_ratio': 1.371212121212121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2094319611787796}, {'id': 397, 'seek': 431200, 'start': 4323.0, 'end': 4325.0, 'text': ' Okay.', 'tokens': [50914, 1033, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1710065259771832, 'compression_ratio': 1.371212121212121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2094319611787796}, {'id': 398, 'seek': 431200, 'start': 4325.0, 'end': 4331.0, 'text': " Sorry, it's gone all the way. There we are. So this is a kondratiev wave.", 'tokens': [51014, 4919, 11, 309, 311, 2780, 439, 264, 636, 13, 821, 321, 366, 13, 407, 341, 307, 257, 350, 684, 4481, 9037, 5772, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1710065259771832, 'compression_ratio': 1.371212121212121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2094319611787796}, {'id': 399, 'seek': 433100, 'start': 4331.0, 'end': 4342.0, 'text': " This this this up down up down and you can see she she reckons it's been responsible for every single one of these this is from Wikipedia but it matches what colors per se says.", 'tokens': [50364, 639, 341, 341, 493, 760, 493, 760, 293, 291, 393, 536, 750, 750, 16374, 892, 309, 311, 668, 6250, 337, 633, 2167, 472, 295, 613, 341, 307, 490, 28999, 457, 309, 10676, 437, 4577, 680, 369, 1619, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22139419555664064, 'compression_ratio': 1.6743295019157087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12848606705665588}, {'id': 400, 'seek': 433100, 'start': 4342.0, 'end': 4346.0, 'text': " There've been all these waves before.", 'tokens': [50914, 821, 600, 668, 439, 613, 9417, 949, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22139419555664064, 'compression_ratio': 1.6743295019157087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12848606705665588}, {'id': 401, 'seek': 433100, 'start': 4346.0, 'end': 4350.0, 'text': ' And they go through this prosperity recession depression improvement cycle.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 436, 352, 807, 341, 22434, 24828, 10799, 10444, 6586, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22139419555664064, 'compression_ratio': 1.6743295019157087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12848606705665588}, {'id': 402, 'seek': 433100, 'start': 4350.0, 'end': 4360.0, 'text': " So what usually happens is you get you get a bunch of people come in there's some other ways as well but I particularly like the kondratiev ways.", 'tokens': [51314, 407, 437, 2673, 2314, 307, 291, 483, 291, 483, 257, 3840, 295, 561, 808, 294, 456, 311, 512, 661, 2098, 382, 731, 457, 286, 4098, 411, 264, 350, 684, 4481, 9037, 2098, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22139419555664064, 'compression_ratio': 1.6743295019157087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12848606705665588}, {'id': 403, 'seek': 436000, 'start': 4360.0, 'end': 4369.0, 'text': " So a bunch of other tech devices come in and there's some enabling technology. So the first one was you know they have basic steam engines they were able to automate looms and weaving.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 257, 3840, 295, 661, 7553, 5759, 808, 294, 293, 456, 311, 512, 23148, 2899, 13, 407, 264, 700, 472, 390, 291, 458, 436, 362, 3875, 11952, 12982, 436, 645, 1075, 281, 31605, 450, 4785, 293, 40028, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.4, 'avg_logprob': -0.23847863985144574, 'compression_ratio': 1.7946428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.040200065821409225}, {'id': 404, 'seek': 436000, 'start': 4369.0, 'end': 4379.0, 'text': ' So this great weaving things starts taking off and then you need coal to power steam engines until you make canals, and you have horses dragging things along canals.', 'tokens': [50814, 407, 341, 869, 40028, 721, 3719, 1940, 766, 293, 550, 291, 643, 10209, 281, 1347, 11952, 12982, 1826, 291, 652, 393, 1124, 11, 293, 291, 362, 13112, 24385, 721, 2051, 393, 1124, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.4, 'avg_logprob': -0.23847863985144574, 'compression_ratio': 1.7946428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.040200065821409225}, {'id': 405, 'seek': 436000, 'start': 4379.0, 'end': 4383.0, 'text': ' So a bunch of other tech rises up at the same time.', 'tokens': [51314, 407, 257, 3840, 295, 661, 7553, 21373, 493, 412, 264, 912, 565, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.4, 'avg_logprob': -0.23847863985144574, 'compression_ratio': 1.7946428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.040200065821409225}, {'id': 406, 'seek': 438300, 'start': 4383.0, 'end': 4391.0, 'text': " And you know what I mean in this they're seeing their money grow. It's so super exciting. It's really really good to know your money is growing your money is growing.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 291, 458, 437, 286, 914, 294, 341, 436, 434, 2577, 641, 1460, 1852, 13, 467, 311, 370, 1687, 4670, 13, 467, 311, 534, 534, 665, 281, 458, 428, 1460, 307, 4194, 428, 1460, 307, 4194, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.2314605712890625, 'compression_ratio': 1.8275862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7161372303962708}, {'id': 407, 'seek': 438300, 'start': 4391.0, 'end': 4395.0, 'text': ' And then it tops out at the top of the market.', 'tokens': [50764, 400, 550, 309, 22836, 484, 412, 264, 1192, 295, 264, 2142, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.2314605712890625, 'compression_ratio': 1.8275862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7161372303962708}, {'id': 408, 'seek': 438300, 'start': 4395.0, 'end': 4398.0, 'text': ' And your markets cat.', 'tokens': [50964, 400, 428, 8383, 3857, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.2314605712890625, 'compression_ratio': 1.8275862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7161372303962708}, {'id': 409, 'seek': 438300, 'start': 4398.0, 'end': 4402.0, 'text': " And nowadays it's your global market that becomes cat.", 'tokens': [51114, 400, 13434, 309, 311, 428, 4338, 2142, 300, 3643, 3857, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.2314605712890625, 'compression_ratio': 1.8275862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7161372303962708}, {'id': 410, 'seek': 438300, 'start': 4402.0, 'end': 4408.0, 'text': " And we're seeing the spread of technology get quicker and quicker so I think these waves are happening more and more quickly as well.", 'tokens': [51314, 400, 321, 434, 2577, 264, 3974, 295, 2899, 483, 16255, 293, 16255, 370, 286, 519, 613, 9417, 366, 2737, 544, 293, 544, 2661, 382, 731, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.2314605712890625, 'compression_ratio': 1.8275862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7161372303962708}, {'id': 411, 'seek': 440800, 'start': 4408.0, 'end': 4418.0, 'text': " And the investors they're looking at this stuff and they're going well hold on the stuff I was putting the money into. It's not making as much money anymore.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 11519, 436, 434, 1237, 412, 341, 1507, 293, 436, 434, 516, 731, 1797, 322, 264, 1507, 286, 390, 3372, 264, 1460, 666, 13, 467, 311, 406, 1455, 382, 709, 1460, 3602, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1090684872047574, 'compression_ratio': 1.794871794871795, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6689922213554382}, {'id': 412, 'seek': 440800, 'start': 4418.0, 'end': 4425.0, 'text': " How do I make my money make money again, because it's all just still and it's not really moving.", 'tokens': [50864, 1012, 360, 286, 652, 452, 1460, 652, 1460, 797, 11, 570, 309, 311, 439, 445, 920, 293, 309, 311, 406, 534, 2684, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1090684872047574, 'compression_ratio': 1.794871794871795, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6689922213554382}, {'id': 413, 'seek': 440800, 'start': 4425.0, 'end': 4430.0, 'text': " And so there's a recession that's starting to happen because their money isn't making money.", 'tokens': [51214, 400, 370, 456, 311, 257, 24828, 300, 311, 2891, 281, 1051, 570, 641, 1460, 1943, 380, 1455, 1460, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1090684872047574, 'compression_ratio': 1.794871794871795, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6689922213554382}, {'id': 414, 'seek': 440800, 'start': 4430.0, 'end': 4435.0, 'text': ' As it goes down they start looking at can we fund some more risky stuff.', 'tokens': [51464, 1018, 309, 1709, 760, 436, 722, 1237, 412, 393, 321, 2374, 512, 544, 21137, 1507, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1090684872047574, 'compression_ratio': 1.794871794871795, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6689922213554382}, {'id': 415, 'seek': 443500, 'start': 4435.0, 'end': 4448.0, 'text': " Can we put the money into things that we would never have touched before because they won't guarantee to provide any kind of benefit to us but now it's worth doing now it's worth putting money into that stuff.", 'tokens': [50364, 1664, 321, 829, 264, 1460, 666, 721, 300, 321, 576, 1128, 362, 9828, 949, 570, 436, 1582, 380, 10815, 281, 2893, 604, 733, 295, 5121, 281, 505, 457, 586, 309, 311, 3163, 884, 586, 309, 311, 3163, 3372, 1460, 666, 300, 1507, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13703160603841147, 'compression_ratio': 1.6057692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008264517411589622}, {'id': 416, 'seek': 443500, 'start': 4448.0, 'end': 4455.0, 'text': ' And so you see another bunch of enabling technology emerges from that new investment.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 370, 291, 536, 1071, 3840, 295, 23148, 2899, 38965, 490, 300, 777, 6078, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13703160603841147, 'compression_ratio': 1.6057692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008264517411589622}, {'id': 417, 'seek': 443500, 'start': 4455.0, 'end': 4459.0, 'text': ' Like you know steel like railways etc.', 'tokens': [51364, 1743, 291, 458, 8269, 411, 8765, 942, 5183, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13703160603841147, 'compression_ratio': 1.6057692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008264517411589622}, {'id': 418, 'seek': 445900, 'start': 4459.0, 'end': 4465.0, 'text': ' And off we go again. And the information technology boom was the last one.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 766, 321, 352, 797, 13, 400, 264, 1589, 2899, 9351, 390, 264, 1036, 472, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10237746877768605, 'compression_ratio': 1.6694214876033058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04873216152191162}, {'id': 419, 'seek': 445900, 'start': 4465.0, 'end': 4475.0, 'text': " We're kind of due to enter into another one of these revolutions and I thought to myself well okay everybody talks about this and some people say it's a myth I'm just going to skip past those.", 'tokens': [50664, 492, 434, 733, 295, 3462, 281, 3242, 666, 1071, 472, 295, 613, 3698, 15892, 293, 286, 1194, 281, 2059, 731, 1392, 2201, 6686, 466, 341, 293, 512, 561, 584, 309, 311, 257, 9474, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 10023, 1791, 729, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10237746877768605, 'compression_ratio': 1.6694214876033058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04873216152191162}, {'id': 420, 'seek': 445900, 'start': 4475.0, 'end': 4481.0, 'text': ' How would we know if we were entering one of those revolutions.', 'tokens': [51164, 1012, 576, 321, 458, 498, 321, 645, 11104, 472, 295, 729, 3698, 15892, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10237746877768605, 'compression_ratio': 1.6694214876033058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04873216152191162}, {'id': 421, 'seek': 445900, 'start': 4481.0, 'end': 4487.0, 'text': ' I took these before COVID like well before COVID I took these last year.', 'tokens': [51464, 286, 1890, 613, 949, 4566, 411, 731, 949, 4566, 286, 1890, 613, 1036, 1064, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10237746877768605, 'compression_ratio': 1.6694214876033058, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04873216152191162}, {'id': 422, 'seek': 448700, 'start': 4487.0, 'end': 4497.0, 'text': " Okay so this is Google this is alphabet so you can see it was climbing and then for the last two years it's got this little up down cycle the market has a little cycle of its own.", 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 370, 341, 307, 3329, 341, 307, 23339, 370, 291, 393, 536, 309, 390, 14780, 293, 550, 337, 264, 1036, 732, 924, 309, 311, 658, 341, 707, 493, 760, 6586, 264, 2142, 575, 257, 707, 6586, 295, 1080, 1065, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16423268037683825, 'compression_ratio': 1.661904761904762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010992955416440964}, {'id': 423, 'seek': 448700, 'start': 4497.0, 'end': 4503.0, 'text': ' Right. This was Facebook similar climbing and then static.', 'tokens': [50864, 1779, 13, 639, 390, 4384, 2531, 14780, 293, 550, 13437, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16423268037683825, 'compression_ratio': 1.661904761904762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010992955416440964}, {'id': 424, 'seek': 448700, 'start': 4503.0, 'end': 4506.0, 'text': ' Apple climbing static.', 'tokens': [51164, 6373, 14780, 13437, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16423268037683825, 'compression_ratio': 1.661904761904762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010992955416440964}, {'id': 425, 'seek': 448700, 'start': 4506.0, 'end': 4513.0, 'text': " And this was in 2019. It's only gone down because because of COVID. So climbing static.", 'tokens': [51314, 400, 341, 390, 294, 6071, 13, 467, 311, 787, 2780, 760, 570, 570, 295, 4566, 13, 407, 14780, 13437, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16423268037683825, 'compression_ratio': 1.661904761904762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010992955416440964}, {'id': 426, 'seek': 451300, 'start': 4513.0, 'end': 4515.0, 'text': ' Okay.', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 13, 50464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1807552530795713, 'compression_ratio': 1.7351351351351352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008939478546380997}, {'id': 427, 'seek': 451300, 'start': 4515.0, 'end': 4523.0, 'text': " Uber wasn't doing very well at all. Lift not doing so well at all even though they're a little bit more ethical than Uber.", 'tokens': [50464, 21839, 2067, 380, 884, 588, 731, 412, 439, 13, 26148, 406, 884, 370, 731, 412, 439, 754, 1673, 436, 434, 257, 707, 857, 544, 18890, 813, 21839, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1807552530795713, 'compression_ratio': 1.7351351351351352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008939478546380997}, {'id': 428, 'seek': 451300, 'start': 4523.0, 'end': 4531.0, 'text': ' Even Spotify you know the technology darling not doing so well. Microsoft were doing well. Good on Microsoft they were doing well.', 'tokens': [50864, 2754, 29036, 291, 458, 264, 2899, 22405, 406, 884, 370, 731, 13, 8116, 645, 884, 731, 13, 2205, 322, 8116, 436, 645, 884, 731, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1807552530795713, 'compression_ratio': 1.7351351351351352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008939478546380997}, {'id': 429, 'seek': 451300, 'start': 4531.0, 'end': 4539.0, 'text': ' They were the only ones I could find that were doing well so.', 'tokens': [51264, 814, 645, 264, 787, 2306, 286, 727, 915, 300, 645, 884, 731, 370, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1807552530795713, 'compression_ratio': 1.7351351351351352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008939478546380997}, {'id': 430, 'seek': 453900, 'start': 4539.0, 'end': 4545.0, 'text': ' If we if we are entering into this next phase.', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 321, 498, 321, 366, 11104, 666, 341, 958, 5574, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10223052856769968, 'compression_ratio': 1.4, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01273452676832676}, {'id': 431, 'seek': 453900, 'start': 4545.0, 'end': 4554.0, 'text': ' We should start seeing the next enabling technology start coming up and I hope think dream wish.', 'tokens': [50664, 492, 820, 722, 2577, 264, 958, 23148, 2899, 722, 1348, 493, 293, 286, 1454, 519, 3055, 3172, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10223052856769968, 'compression_ratio': 1.4, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01273452676832676}, {'id': 432, 'seek': 453900, 'start': 4554.0, 'end': 4558.0, 'text': " Please let it be that it's green tech.", 'tokens': [51114, 2555, 718, 309, 312, 300, 309, 311, 3092, 7553, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10223052856769968, 'compression_ratio': 1.4, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01273452676832676}, {'id': 433, 'seek': 455800, 'start': 4558.0, 'end': 4564.0, 'text': " We're seeing battery stuff coming on the market you know I saw Tesla had their battery day.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 434, 2577, 5809, 1507, 1348, 322, 264, 2142, 291, 458, 286, 1866, 13666, 632, 641, 5809, 786, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1045588219519889, 'compression_ratio': 1.85, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14041735231876373}, {'id': 434, 'seek': 455800, 'start': 4564.0, 'end': 4577.0, 'text': " They had a really powerful message for the supplies because they make batteries but they are also supplied with batteries their message their suppliers was we can't fund our own demand we can't meet our own demand with our own batteries you will always have a place with us.", 'tokens': [50664, 814, 632, 257, 534, 4005, 3636, 337, 264, 11768, 570, 436, 652, 13070, 457, 436, 366, 611, 27625, 365, 13070, 641, 3636, 641, 29467, 390, 321, 393, 380, 2374, 527, 1065, 4733, 321, 393, 380, 1677, 527, 1065, 4733, 365, 527, 1065, 13070, 291, 486, 1009, 362, 257, 1081, 365, 505, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1045588219519889, 'compression_ratio': 1.85, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14041735231876373}, {'id': 435, 'seek': 455800, 'start': 4577.0, 'end': 4587.0, 'text': ' The world has so much demand for batteries right now to store all of the renewable more fluctuating power sources.', 'tokens': [51314, 440, 1002, 575, 370, 709, 4733, 337, 13070, 558, 586, 281, 3531, 439, 295, 264, 20938, 544, 23448, 32438, 1347, 7139, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1045588219519889, 'compression_ratio': 1.85, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14041735231876373}, {'id': 436, 'seek': 458700, 'start': 4587.0, 'end': 4600.0, 'text': " Those power sources themselves all the all the ways and means of get there's so many they found you know the things where you can put a rusty piece of metal in water and as long as it's thin enough it will generate electricity.", 'tokens': [50364, 3950, 1347, 7139, 2969, 439, 264, 439, 264, 2098, 293, 1355, 295, 483, 456, 311, 370, 867, 436, 1352, 291, 458, 264, 721, 689, 291, 393, 829, 257, 45394, 2522, 295, 5760, 294, 1281, 293, 382, 938, 382, 309, 311, 5862, 1547, 309, 486, 8460, 10356, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13770263671875, 'compression_ratio': 1.631578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04856693372130394}, {'id': 437, 'seek': 458700, 'start': 4600.0, 'end': 4609.0, 'text': " All these new things that they're finding right now around how to generate power in renewable non polluting ways.", 'tokens': [51014, 1057, 613, 777, 721, 300, 436, 434, 5006, 558, 586, 926, 577, 281, 8460, 1347, 294, 20938, 2107, 6418, 10861, 2098, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13770263671875, 'compression_ratio': 1.631578947368421, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04856693372130394}, {'id': 438, 'seek': 460900, 'start': 4609.0, 'end': 4618.0, 'text': ' New ways of breaking down plastic new ways of recycling new new substances that we can use instead of plastic that break down more nicely.', 'tokens': [50364, 1873, 2098, 295, 7697, 760, 5900, 777, 2098, 295, 23363, 777, 777, 25455, 300, 321, 393, 764, 2602, 295, 5900, 300, 1821, 760, 544, 9594, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1117411822807498, 'compression_ratio': 1.645021645021645, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7241736650466919}, {'id': 439, 'seek': 460900, 'start': 4618.0, 'end': 4638.0, 'text': " There's so much tech coming on the market and I think that one of the things we can do is to help connect people to that Genesis stack custom built stuff that's coming in right now and help get it into stable products as quickly as possible.", 'tokens': [50814, 821, 311, 370, 709, 7553, 1348, 322, 264, 2142, 293, 286, 519, 300, 472, 295, 264, 721, 321, 393, 360, 307, 281, 854, 1745, 561, 281, 300, 20587, 8630, 2375, 3094, 1507, 300, 311, 1348, 294, 558, 586, 293, 854, 483, 309, 666, 8351, 3383, 382, 2661, 382, 1944, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1117411822807498, 'compression_ratio': 1.645021645021645, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7241736650466919}, {'id': 440, 'seek': 463800, 'start': 4638.0, 'end': 4643.0, 'text': " Because that will make the world a better place and then we'll be doing good.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 300, 486, 652, 264, 1002, 257, 1101, 1081, 293, 550, 321, 603, 312, 884, 665, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2228073619660877, 'compression_ratio': 1.5686274509803921, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663049429655075}, {'id': 441, 'seek': 463800, 'start': 4643.0, 'end': 4647.0, 'text': " That's it. That's all I got.", 'tokens': [50614, 663, 311, 309, 13, 663, 311, 439, 286, 658, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2228073619660877, 'compression_ratio': 1.5686274509803921, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663049429655075}, {'id': 442, 'seek': 463800, 'start': 4647.0, 'end': 4649.0, 'text': ' Thank you Liz.', 'tokens': [50814, 1044, 291, 16480, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2228073619660877, 'compression_ratio': 1.5686274509803921, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663049429655075}, {'id': 443, 'seek': 463800, 'start': 4649.0, 'end': 4654.0, 'text': ' And yeah Matthew and Andrew hopefully you come back on video.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 1338, 12434, 293, 10110, 4696, 291, 808, 646, 322, 960, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2228073619660877, 'compression_ratio': 1.5686274509803921, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663049429655075}, {'id': 444, 'seek': 463800, 'start': 4654.0, 'end': 4657.0, 'text': ' We have a question for you.', 'tokens': [51164, 492, 362, 257, 1168, 337, 291, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2228073619660877, 'compression_ratio': 1.5686274509803921, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663049429655075}, {'id': 445, 'seek': 463800, 'start': 4657.0, 'end': 4664.0, 'text': " So what's your least sorry what's your favorite and least favorite characteristics of you and beings beings.", 'tokens': [51314, 407, 437, 311, 428, 1935, 2597, 437, 311, 428, 2954, 293, 1935, 2954, 10891, 295, 291, 293, 8958, 8958, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2228073619660877, 'compression_ratio': 1.5686274509803921, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663049429655075}, {'id': 446, 'seek': 466400, 'start': 4664.0, 'end': 4677.0, 'text': ' So my favorite characteristics of human beings is their ability to move forward in uncertainty the fact that we have these heuristics that let us make shortcuts through the masses of data we can never hope to understand.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 452, 2954, 10891, 295, 1952, 8958, 307, 641, 3485, 281, 1286, 2128, 294, 15697, 264, 1186, 300, 321, 362, 613, 415, 374, 6006, 300, 718, 505, 652, 34620, 807, 264, 23935, 295, 1412, 321, 393, 1128, 1454, 281, 1223, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09143008607806581, 'compression_ratio': 2.0086206896551726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010172391310334206}, {'id': 447, 'seek': 466400, 'start': 4677.0, 'end': 4682.0, 'text': ' And so we can move forward in uncertainty, which is astonishing.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 370, 321, 393, 1286, 2128, 294, 15697, 11, 597, 307, 35264, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09143008607806581, 'compression_ratio': 2.0086206896551726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010172391310334206}, {'id': 448, 'seek': 466400, 'start': 4682.0, 'end': 4693.0, 'text': ' My least favorite things about human beings is the fact that we shortcut the data make all these heuristics and and we tend to move forward in uncertainty and then we get it wrong.', 'tokens': [51264, 1222, 1935, 2954, 721, 466, 1952, 8958, 307, 264, 1186, 300, 321, 24822, 264, 1412, 652, 439, 613, 415, 374, 6006, 293, 293, 321, 3928, 281, 1286, 2128, 294, 15697, 293, 550, 321, 483, 309, 2085, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09143008607806581, 'compression_ratio': 2.0086206896551726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010172391310334206}, {'id': 449, 'seek': 469300, 'start': 4693.0, 'end': 4699.0, 'text': " So that's obviously the thing which is magical and also just usually trips us up.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 311, 2745, 264, 551, 597, 307, 12066, 293, 611, 445, 2673, 16051, 505, 493, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1987798342140772, 'compression_ratio': 1.6412213740458015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.030027039349079132}, {'id': 450, 'seek': 469300, 'start': 4699.0, 'end': 4706.0, 'text': " Okay, before questions from Andrew and Matthew I'll just take this first question from one of the attendees.", 'tokens': [50664, 1033, 11, 949, 1651, 490, 10110, 293, 12434, 286, 603, 445, 747, 341, 700, 1168, 490, 472, 295, 264, 34826, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1987798342140772, 'compression_ratio': 1.6412213740458015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.030027039349079132}, {'id': 451, 'seek': 469300, 'start': 4706.0, 'end': 4714.0, 'text': ' What is the relationship between sense maker and the other diagram with green blue red and arrows I think you showed some diagram really.', 'tokens': [51014, 708, 307, 264, 2480, 1296, 2020, 17127, 293, 264, 661, 10686, 365, 3092, 3344, 2182, 293, 19669, 286, 519, 291, 4712, 512, 10686, 534, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1987798342140772, 'compression_ratio': 1.6412213740458015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.030027039349079132}, {'id': 452, 'seek': 469300, 'start': 4714.0, 'end': 4722.0, 'text': ' Yeah so basically those patterns they can measure the distance from each of the corners of the triad.', 'tokens': [51414, 865, 370, 1936, 729, 8294, 436, 393, 3481, 264, 4560, 490, 1184, 295, 264, 12413, 295, 264, 1376, 345, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1987798342140772, 'compression_ratio': 1.6412213740458015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.030027039349079132}, {'id': 453, 'seek': 472200, 'start': 4722.0, 'end': 4736.0, 'text': " And then they can measure the axis so that's one of the axes so there's one to and then the depth is a third actually, and they play with them and see if they can make patterns emerge and you can sometimes see you know all the people telling positive stories have one pattern, all the people telling", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 436, 393, 3481, 264, 10298, 370, 300, 311, 472, 295, 264, 35387, 370, 456, 311, 472, 281, 293, 550, 264, 7161, 307, 257, 2636, 767, 11, 293, 436, 862, 365, 552, 293, 536, 498, 436, 393, 652, 8294, 21511, 293, 291, 393, 2171, 536, 291, 458, 439, 264, 561, 3585, 3353, 3676, 362, 472, 5102, 11, 439, 264, 561, 3585, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23179482852711397, 'compression_ratio': 1.951219512195122, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013448057696223259}, {'id': 454, 'seek': 472200, 'start': 4736.0, 'end': 4744.0, 'text': ' negative stories have another pattern so can we move those negative stories in a positive direction.', 'tokens': [51064, 3671, 3676, 362, 1071, 5102, 370, 393, 321, 1286, 729, 3671, 3676, 294, 257, 3353, 3513, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23179482852711397, 'compression_ratio': 1.951219512195122, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013448057696223259}, {'id': 455, 'seek': 474400, 'start': 4744.0, 'end': 4752.0, 'text': " So if you if you look for cognitive edge sense maker you'll find there's there's kind of demos that they've got they've got more information about us on their side.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 291, 498, 291, 574, 337, 15605, 4691, 2020, 17127, 291, 603, 915, 456, 311, 456, 311, 733, 295, 33788, 300, 436, 600, 658, 436, 600, 658, 544, 1589, 466, 505, 322, 641, 1252, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25033169984817505, 'compression_ratio': 1.8059701492537314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.35149654746055603}, {'id': 456, 'seek': 474400, 'start': 4752.0, 'end': 4757.0, 'text': ' I do not work for cognitive edge they get a lot of free advertising from the SDS.', 'tokens': [50764, 286, 360, 406, 589, 337, 15605, 4691, 436, 483, 257, 688, 295, 1737, 13097, 490, 264, 318, 11844, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25033169984817505, 'compression_ratio': 1.8059701492537314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.35149654746055603}, {'id': 457, 'seek': 474400, 'start': 4757.0, 'end': 4760.0, 'text': ' Go do the homework.', 'tokens': [51014, 1037, 360, 264, 14578, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25033169984817505, 'compression_ratio': 1.8059701492537314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.35149654746055603}, {'id': 458, 'seek': 474400, 'start': 4760.0, 'end': 4763.0, 'text': ' Do they have tooling for it sorry do they have tooling.', 'tokens': [51164, 1144, 436, 362, 46593, 337, 309, 2597, 360, 436, 362, 46593, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25033169984817505, 'compression_ratio': 1.8059701492537314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.35149654746055603}, {'id': 459, 'seek': 474400, 'start': 4763.0, 'end': 4765.0, 'text': " Yes, there's tooling for it. Yeah, yeah.", 'tokens': [51314, 1079, 11, 456, 311, 46593, 337, 309, 13, 865, 11, 1338, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25033169984817505, 'compression_ratio': 1.8059701492537314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.35149654746055603}, {'id': 460, 'seek': 476500, 'start': 4765.0, 'end': 4782.0, 'text': " One of the things they're most proud about is they've got it working on kind of iPad so they can put iPads in the street, you know, on a building or they can give iPads to communities, and they get thousands on thousands on thousands of these stories, large populations.", 'tokens': [50364, 1485, 295, 264, 721, 436, 434, 881, 4570, 466, 307, 436, 600, 658, 309, 1364, 322, 733, 295, 12945, 370, 436, 393, 829, 5180, 5834, 294, 264, 4838, 11, 291, 458, 11, 322, 257, 2390, 420, 436, 393, 976, 5180, 5834, 281, 4456, 11, 293, 436, 483, 5383, 322, 5383, 322, 5383, 295, 613, 3676, 11, 2416, 12822, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11683630564856151, 'compression_ratio': 1.656441717791411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4713996648788452}, {'id': 461, 'seek': 478200, 'start': 4782.0, 'end': 4797.0, 'text': " So it's a way of getting you know when I talked to Andrew about you know are you hearing any stories coming in in that custom Genesis space it's worth seeing those weak signals with mass, so they call it mass sense making.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 311, 257, 636, 295, 1242, 291, 458, 562, 286, 2825, 281, 10110, 466, 291, 458, 366, 291, 4763, 604, 3676, 1348, 294, 294, 300, 2375, 20587, 1901, 309, 311, 3163, 2577, 729, 5336, 12354, 365, 2758, 11, 370, 436, 818, 309, 2758, 2020, 1455, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2587951799718345, 'compression_ratio': 1.5970149253731343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2268279641866684}, {'id': 462, 'seek': 478200, 'start': 4797.0, 'end': 4802.0, 'text': " I mean I'm blown away by it I'm absolutely blown away by it.", 'tokens': [51114, 286, 914, 286, 478, 16479, 1314, 538, 309, 286, 478, 3122, 16479, 1314, 538, 309, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2587951799718345, 'compression_ratio': 1.5970149253731343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2268279641866684}, {'id': 463, 'seek': 478200, 'start': 4802.0, 'end': 4806.0, 'text': " I've had to go and find out about it.", 'tokens': [51364, 286, 600, 632, 281, 352, 293, 915, 484, 466, 309, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2587951799718345, 'compression_ratio': 1.5970149253731343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2268279641866684}, {'id': 464, 'seek': 480600, 'start': 4806.0, 'end': 4809.0, 'text': " I'm just going to take away.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 747, 1314, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29958895782926187, 'compression_ratio': 1.4593023255813953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09120224416255951}, {'id': 465, 'seek': 480600, 'start': 4809.0, 'end': 4816.0, 'text': ' Matthew Andrew they have a question for Liz.', 'tokens': [50514, 12434, 10110, 436, 362, 257, 1168, 337, 16480, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29958895782926187, 'compression_ratio': 1.4593023255813953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09120224416255951}, {'id': 466, 'seek': 480600, 'start': 4816.0, 'end': 4821.0, 'text': " I'm thinking about a lot of things.", 'tokens': [50864, 286, 478, 1953, 466, 257, 688, 295, 721, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29958895782926187, 'compression_ratio': 1.4593023255813953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09120224416255951}, {'id': 467, 'seek': 480600, 'start': 4821.0, 'end': 4831.0, 'text': " Before that maybe we can pull up this other question. So someone's just thanking you for the talk Liz and his question is, and this is Harry.", 'tokens': [51114, 4546, 300, 1310, 321, 393, 2235, 493, 341, 661, 1168, 13, 407, 1580, 311, 445, 30830, 291, 337, 264, 751, 16480, 293, 702, 1168, 307, 11, 293, 341, 307, 9378, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29958895782926187, 'compression_ratio': 1.4593023255813953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09120224416255951}, {'id': 468, 'seek': 483100, 'start': 4831.0, 'end': 4840.0, 'text': ' So what are the maps I could give more choices to someone in few choices or just help you better understand the few choices that they have.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 366, 264, 11317, 286, 727, 976, 544, 7994, 281, 1580, 294, 1326, 7994, 420, 445, 854, 291, 1101, 1223, 264, 1326, 7994, 300, 436, 362, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.23386802313462743, 'compression_ratio': 1.6753731343283582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10570339858531952}, {'id': 469, 'seek': 483100, 'start': 4840.0, 'end': 4845.0, 'text': " Yeah, what do maps don't actually do anything on their own that's the problem it's people who do it.", 'tokens': [50814, 865, 11, 437, 360, 11317, 500, 380, 767, 360, 1340, 322, 641, 1065, 300, 311, 264, 1154, 309, 311, 561, 567, 360, 309, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.23386802313462743, 'compression_ratio': 1.6753731343283582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10570339858531952}, {'id': 470, 'seek': 483100, 'start': 4845.0, 'end': 4858.0, 'text': " So, you know, while I was putting this talk together I was, I was reflecting on the fact that I'm British and historically our relationship towards that has been to try and work out how much of it we can own.", 'tokens': [51064, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1339, 286, 390, 3372, 341, 751, 1214, 286, 390, 11, 286, 390, 23543, 322, 264, 1186, 300, 286, 478, 6221, 293, 16180, 527, 2480, 3030, 300, 575, 668, 281, 853, 293, 589, 484, 577, 709, 295, 309, 321, 393, 1065, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.23386802313462743, 'compression_ratio': 1.6753731343283582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10570339858531952}, {'id': 471, 'seek': 485800, 'start': 4858.0, 'end': 4868.0, 'text': " So, that's really very good right that that's a Korean choices for ourselves at the expense of everybody that our imperialist mindset has taken over.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 300, 311, 534, 588, 665, 558, 300, 300, 311, 257, 6933, 7994, 337, 4175, 412, 264, 18406, 295, 2201, 300, 527, 21143, 468, 12543, 575, 2726, 670, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20182170224993418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6222222222222222, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06920929998159409}, {'id': 472, 'seek': 485800, 'start': 4868.0, 'end': 4874.0, 'text': " So I apologize on behalf of every you know I'm British I'm sorry about that.", 'tokens': [50864, 407, 286, 12328, 322, 9490, 295, 633, 291, 458, 286, 478, 6221, 286, 478, 2597, 466, 300, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20182170224993418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6222222222222222, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06920929998159409}, {'id': 473, 'seek': 485800, 'start': 4874.0, 'end': 4884.0, 'text': " I think that it's a tool for letting you see where your choices are, and if you're ethically minded and sound, you will do good with them.", 'tokens': [51164, 286, 519, 300, 309, 311, 257, 2290, 337, 8295, 291, 536, 689, 428, 7994, 366, 11, 293, 498, 291, 434, 6468, 984, 36707, 293, 1626, 11, 291, 486, 360, 665, 365, 552, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20182170224993418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6222222222222222, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06920929998159409}, {'id': 474, 'seek': 488400, 'start': 4884.0, 'end': 4893.0, 'text': ' So, but do reflect. I think we all have I talked about these heuristics these cognitive biases we have.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 457, 360, 5031, 13, 286, 519, 321, 439, 362, 286, 2825, 466, 613, 415, 374, 6006, 613, 15605, 32152, 321, 362, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1587428781721327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5642458100558658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06073126569390297}, {'id': 475, 'seek': 488400, 'start': 4893.0, 'end': 4903.0, 'text': " There's a thing called the Harvard implicit bias, Harvard implicit bias test, which helps you measure biases in your brain.", 'tokens': [50814, 821, 311, 257, 551, 1219, 264, 13378, 26947, 12577, 11, 13378, 26947, 12577, 1500, 11, 597, 3665, 291, 3481, 32152, 294, 428, 3567, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1587428781721327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5642458100558658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06073126569390297}, {'id': 476, 'seek': 488400, 'start': 4903.0, 'end': 4907.0, 'text': ' And I found that I have no racism, but I had a jism.', 'tokens': [51314, 400, 286, 1352, 300, 286, 362, 572, 12664, 11, 457, 286, 632, 257, 361, 1434, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1587428781721327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5642458100558658, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06073126569390297}, {'id': 477, 'seek': 490700, 'start': 4907.0, 'end': 4918.0, 'text': " I thought that all old people were sick. And so the idea of giving old people opportunities in life never really occurred to me because they're sick and they're going to die.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 1194, 300, 439, 1331, 561, 645, 4998, 13, 400, 370, 264, 1558, 295, 2902, 1331, 561, 4786, 294, 993, 1128, 534, 11068, 281, 385, 570, 436, 434, 4998, 293, 436, 434, 516, 281, 978, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10838348764768789, 'compression_ratio': 1.5515463917525774, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11333706229925156}, {'id': 478, 'seek': 490700, 'start': 4918.0, 'end': 4928.0, 'text': ' Why would I need to do that. I had to deliberately go out and find older role models to counter what I have found in my brain.', 'tokens': [50914, 1545, 576, 286, 643, 281, 360, 300, 13, 286, 632, 281, 23506, 352, 484, 293, 915, 4906, 3090, 5245, 281, 5682, 437, 286, 362, 1352, 294, 452, 3567, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10838348764768789, 'compression_ratio': 1.5515463917525774, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11333706229925156}, {'id': 479, 'seek': 492800, 'start': 4928.0, 'end': 4942.0, 'text': ' So if you want to ensure that you are offering really countering those biases that will prevent you from using maps in the right way, because you are biased.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 291, 528, 281, 5586, 300, 291, 366, 8745, 534, 5682, 278, 729, 32152, 300, 486, 4871, 291, 490, 1228, 11317, 294, 264, 558, 636, 11, 570, 291, 366, 28035, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10585661101759526, 'compression_ratio': 1.5279503105590062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04986298084259033}, {'id': 480, 'seek': 492800, 'start': 4942.0, 'end': 4950.0, 'text': ' Go seek out role models. Go watch talks by people who represent things that are not you.', 'tokens': [51064, 1037, 8075, 484, 3090, 5245, 13, 1037, 1159, 6686, 538, 561, 567, 2906, 721, 300, 366, 406, 291, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10585661101759526, 'compression_ratio': 1.5279503105590062, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04986298084259033}, {'id': 481, 'seek': 495000, 'start': 4951.0, 'end': 4956.0, 'text': " I think that we I've started doing that and I found it has helped a lot.", 'tokens': [50414, 286, 519, 300, 321, 286, 600, 1409, 884, 300, 293, 286, 1352, 309, 575, 4254, 257, 688, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1257707973321279, 'compression_ratio': 1.6225490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40454718470573425}, {'id': 482, 'seek': 495000, 'start': 4956.0, 'end': 4965.0, 'text': " So I'm ashamed of the biases in my head. I don't want them. I didn't put them there. I don't. I'm a free will skeptic.", 'tokens': [50664, 407, 286, 478, 19489, 295, 264, 32152, 294, 452, 1378, 13, 286, 500, 380, 528, 552, 13, 286, 994, 380, 829, 552, 456, 13, 286, 500, 380, 13, 286, 478, 257, 1737, 486, 19128, 299, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1257707973321279, 'compression_ratio': 1.6225490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40454718470573425}, {'id': 483, 'seek': 495000, 'start': 4965.0, 'end': 4972.0, 'text': " So I think that it's nature and nurture. We're either born with stuff in our heads, or we develop it through our lives. It's not our fault.", 'tokens': [51114, 407, 286, 519, 300, 309, 311, 3687, 293, 41451, 13, 492, 434, 2139, 4232, 365, 1507, 294, 527, 8050, 11, 420, 321, 1499, 309, 807, 527, 2909, 13, 467, 311, 406, 527, 7441, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1257707973321279, 'compression_ratio': 1.6225490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40454718470573425}, {'id': 484, 'seek': 497200, 'start': 4973.0, 'end': 4980.0, 'text': " But if we do get the opportunity, you know, in as much as free will is a useful illusion. It's on us to go do something about it.", 'tokens': [50414, 583, 498, 321, 360, 483, 264, 2650, 11, 291, 458, 11, 294, 382, 709, 382, 1737, 486, 307, 257, 4420, 18854, 13, 467, 311, 322, 505, 281, 352, 360, 746, 466, 309, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1772342455589165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6312056737588652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10921545326709747}, {'id': 485, 'seek': 497200, 'start': 4980.0, 'end': 4987.0, 'text': " That's a very good point, especially this time when we're talking about diversity, equity and inclusion.", 'tokens': [50764, 663, 311, 257, 588, 665, 935, 11, 2318, 341, 565, 562, 321, 434, 1417, 466, 8811, 11, 10769, 293, 15874, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1772342455589165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6312056737588652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10921545326709747}, {'id': 486, 'seek': 497200, 'start': 4987.0, 'end': 4995.0, 'text': " Yeah, so I always say, you know, it's a matter of educating people, educating ourselves and other people as well. That's how we get there.", 'tokens': [51114, 865, 11, 370, 286, 1009, 584, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 257, 1871, 295, 28835, 561, 11, 28835, 4175, 293, 661, 561, 382, 731, 13, 663, 311, 577, 321, 483, 456, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1772342455589165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6312056737588652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10921545326709747}, {'id': 487, 'seek': 497200, 'start': 4995.0, 'end': 5001.0, 'text': " So Matthew or Andrew, who's going to ask the next question for Liz. Go ahead, Matthew.", 'tokens': [51514, 407, 12434, 420, 10110, 11, 567, 311, 516, 281, 1029, 264, 958, 1168, 337, 16480, 13, 1037, 2286, 11, 12434, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1772342455589165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6312056737588652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10921545326709747}, {'id': 488, 'seek': 500100, 'start': 5001.0, 'end': 5006.0, 'text': ' So I want to just loop back a little bit and talk about the inertia.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 528, 281, 445, 6367, 646, 257, 707, 857, 293, 751, 466, 264, 37234, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20229971280661962, 'compression_ratio': 1.628440366972477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025282693095505238}, {'id': 489, 'seek': 500100, 'start': 5006.0, 'end': 5012.0, 'text': " I'll ask you a question about the inertia because I think you're absolutely spot on with that.", 'tokens': [50614, 286, 603, 1029, 291, 257, 1168, 466, 264, 37234, 570, 286, 519, 291, 434, 3122, 4008, 322, 365, 300, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20229971280661962, 'compression_ratio': 1.628440366972477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025282693095505238}, {'id': 490, 'seek': 500100, 'start': 5012.0, 'end': 5018.0, 'text': " And I've obviously, obviously I love your redrawing of the map, right?", 'tokens': [50914, 400, 286, 600, 2745, 11, 2745, 286, 959, 428, 2182, 5131, 278, 295, 264, 4471, 11, 558, 30, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20229971280661962, 'compression_ratio': 1.628440366972477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025282693095505238}, {'id': 491, 'seek': 500100, 'start': 5018.0, 'end': 5026.0, 'text': " Clearly, that's it's right in my sweet spot for things that I love maps, all kinds of maps, especially that kind of map.", 'tokens': [51214, 24120, 11, 300, 311, 309, 311, 558, 294, 452, 3844, 4008, 337, 721, 300, 286, 959, 11317, 11, 439, 3685, 295, 11317, 11, 2318, 300, 733, 295, 4471, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20229971280661962, 'compression_ratio': 1.628440366972477, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025282693095505238}, {'id': 492, 'seek': 502600, 'start': 5026.0, 'end': 5033.0, 'text': " I'm surprised my partner who loves maps even more than me didn't detect that you brought up a map like that.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 6100, 452, 4975, 567, 6752, 11317, 754, 544, 813, 385, 994, 380, 5531, 300, 291, 3038, 493, 257, 4471, 411, 300, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1243320996644067, 'compression_ratio': 1.4662921348314606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016352200880646706}, {'id': 493, 'seek': 502600, 'start': 5033.0, 'end': 5050.0, 'text': ' But in a boringly business presentation context, how do you think we get the same power of expression as you got with that map with a standard template?', 'tokens': [50714, 583, 294, 257, 9989, 356, 1606, 5860, 4319, 11, 577, 360, 291, 519, 321, 483, 264, 912, 1347, 295, 6114, 382, 291, 658, 365, 300, 4471, 365, 257, 3832, 12379, 30, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1243320996644067, 'compression_ratio': 1.4662921348314606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016352200880646706}, {'id': 494, 'seek': 505000, 'start': 5050.0, 'end': 5059.0, 'text': " Because the big black box doesn't the big black bar represents a barrier rather than the jelly we're wading through.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 264, 955, 2211, 2424, 1177, 380, 264, 955, 2211, 2159, 8855, 257, 13357, 2831, 813, 264, 17186, 321, 434, 261, 8166, 807, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08102955136980329, 'compression_ratio': 1.5319148936170213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011497557163238525}, {'id': 495, 'seek': 505000, 'start': 5059.0, 'end': 5063.0, 'text': ' So how do you think we might visualize that jelly?', 'tokens': [50814, 407, 577, 360, 291, 519, 321, 1062, 23273, 300, 17186, 30, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08102955136980329, 'compression_ratio': 1.5319148936170213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011497557163238525}, {'id': 496, 'seek': 505000, 'start': 5063.0, 'end': 5071.0, 'text': " So one of the things that I've been looking at is constraints mapping. So this is again comes from Dave Snowden's world.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 286, 600, 668, 1237, 412, 307, 18491, 18350, 13, 407, 341, 307, 797, 1487, 490, 11017, 14827, 1556, 311, 1002, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08102955136980329, 'compression_ratio': 1.5319148936170213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011497557163238525}, {'id': 497, 'seek': 507100, 'start': 5071.0, 'end': 5079.0, 'text': ' So looking at what constraints are in place. So they talk about two types of constraints.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 1237, 412, 437, 18491, 366, 294, 1081, 13, 407, 436, 751, 466, 732, 3467, 295, 18491, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15528113312191433, 'compression_ratio': 1.565217391304348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03178446367383003}, {'id': 498, 'seek': 507100, 'start': 5079.0, 'end': 5086.0, 'text': ' Context free constraints, which governing and fixed constraints. So a fixed constraint is like you put a plug in the wall.', 'tokens': [50764, 4839, 3828, 1737, 18491, 11, 597, 30054, 293, 6806, 18491, 13, 407, 257, 6806, 25534, 307, 411, 291, 829, 257, 5452, 294, 264, 2929, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15528113312191433, 'compression_ratio': 1.565217391304348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03178446367383003}, {'id': 499, 'seek': 507100, 'start': 5086.0, 'end': 5092.0, 'text': " There's only one way to do it, right? You can't get it wrong because, okay.", 'tokens': [51114, 821, 311, 787, 472, 636, 281, 360, 309, 11, 558, 30, 509, 393, 380, 483, 309, 2085, 570, 11, 1392, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15528113312191433, 'compression_ratio': 1.565217391304348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03178446367383003}, {'id': 500, 'seek': 509200, 'start': 5092.0, 'end': 5103.0, 'text': " So governing constraints are ones which apply regardless of context. So they are rules. They are always there. They, you know, do not go across the red light. It's not safe.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 30054, 18491, 366, 2306, 597, 3079, 10060, 295, 4319, 13, 407, 436, 366, 4474, 13, 814, 366, 1009, 456, 13, 814, 11, 291, 458, 11, 360, 406, 352, 2108, 264, 2182, 1442, 13, 467, 311, 406, 3273, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1682636872777399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7384615384615385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05621160939335823}, {'id': 501, 'seek': 509200, 'start': 5103.0, 'end': 5111.0, 'text': ' But a contextual constraint and enabling constraints has some permeability. It has some ways of getting through it.', 'tokens': [50914, 583, 257, 35526, 25534, 293, 23148, 18491, 575, 512, 30287, 2310, 13, 467, 575, 512, 2098, 295, 1242, 807, 309, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1682636872777399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7384615384615385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05621160939335823}, {'id': 502, 'seek': 509200, 'start': 5111.0, 'end': 5121.0, 'text': " So if I'm finding there is chaos with no constraints and everybody's going, ah, you can look at it and go, okay, what constraints could we put in place to enable?", 'tokens': [51314, 407, 498, 286, 478, 5006, 456, 307, 14158, 365, 572, 18491, 293, 2201, 311, 516, 11, 3716, 11, 291, 393, 574, 412, 309, 293, 352, 11, 1392, 11, 437, 18491, 727, 321, 829, 294, 1081, 281, 9528, 30, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1682636872777399, 'compression_ratio': 1.7384615384615385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05621160939335823}, {'id': 503, 'seek': 512100, 'start': 5122.0, 'end': 5133.0, 'text': " Better stuff to happen because fire burns until it meets constraints. It's what causes chaos, right? So putting constraints in place can sometimes help bring the chaos into place.", 'tokens': [50414, 15753, 1507, 281, 1051, 570, 2610, 22684, 1826, 309, 13961, 18491, 13, 467, 311, 437, 7700, 14158, 11, 558, 30, 407, 3372, 18491, 294, 1081, 393, 2171, 854, 1565, 264, 14158, 666, 1081, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1403181552886963, 'compression_ratio': 1.53551912568306, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005908114369958639}, {'id': 504, 'seek': 512100, 'start': 5133.0, 'end': 5142.0, 'text': ' Simultaneously, you can look at are we having problems moving because the constraints are too strict?', 'tokens': [50964, 3998, 723, 13131, 11, 291, 393, 574, 412, 366, 321, 1419, 2740, 2684, 570, 264, 18491, 366, 886, 10910, 30, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1403181552886963, 'compression_ratio': 1.53551912568306, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005908114369958639}, {'id': 505, 'seek': 514200, 'start': 5142.0, 'end': 5156.0, 'text': ' Because there is no permeability. Can we get an escape hatch through them? So I work in technology and I ask questions like, well, look, what would it take to not have to go through the cab process before release?', 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 456, 307, 572, 30287, 2310, 13, 1664, 321, 483, 364, 7615, 17387, 807, 552, 30, 407, 286, 589, 294, 2899, 293, 286, 1029, 1651, 411, 11, 731, 11, 574, 11, 437, 576, 309, 747, 281, 406, 362, 281, 352, 807, 264, 5487, 1399, 949, 4374, 30, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11272514567655675, 'compression_ratio': 1.3831168831168832, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11654328554868698}, {'id': 506, 'seek': 515600, 'start': 5156.0, 'end': 5171.0, 'text': ' If we managed to get six months of monthly bug free releases with no significant bugs, no showstoppers, would you let us start releasing more frequently without going through cab?', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 321, 6453, 281, 483, 2309, 2493, 295, 12878, 7426, 1737, 16952, 365, 572, 4776, 15120, 11, 572, 855, 13559, 21819, 11, 576, 291, 718, 505, 722, 16327, 544, 10374, 1553, 516, 807, 5487, 30, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14544491487390854, 'compression_ratio': 1.5874439461883407, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40710073709487915}, {'id': 507, 'seek': 515600, 'start': 5171.0, 'end': 5179.0, 'text': " Like can we do some minor changes? If we've got rollback and we can roll back. I was talking to about this to somebody and I said, you know, well, have you got good rollback?", 'tokens': [51114, 1743, 393, 321, 360, 512, 6696, 2962, 30, 759, 321, 600, 658, 3373, 3207, 293, 321, 393, 3373, 646, 13, 286, 390, 1417, 281, 466, 341, 281, 2618, 293, 286, 848, 11, 291, 458, 11, 731, 11, 362, 291, 658, 665, 3373, 3207, 30, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14544491487390854, 'compression_ratio': 1.5874439461883407, 'no_speech_prob': 0.40710073709487915}, {'id': 508, 'seek': 517900, 'start': 5179.0, 'end': 5188.0, 'text': " Because then if you do make a mistake, you roll back, it's not a big deal. They're like, you can't roll back here. That's a really bad thing to have to do.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 550, 498, 291, 360, 652, 257, 6146, 11, 291, 3373, 646, 11, 309, 311, 406, 257, 955, 2028, 13, 814, 434, 411, 11, 291, 393, 380, 3373, 646, 510, 13, 663, 311, 257, 534, 1578, 551, 281, 362, 281, 360, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1011580805624685, 'compression_ratio': 1.6534653465346534, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2286805957555771}, {'id': 509, 'seek': 517900, 'start': 5188.0, 'end': 5200.0, 'text': " I'm like, but that's the safety net that underpins the whole of DevOps, you know, and they don't see it as a safety net. They see it as an acknowledgement that you made an error.", 'tokens': [50814, 286, 478, 411, 11, 457, 300, 311, 264, 4514, 2533, 300, 833, 79, 1292, 264, 1379, 295, 43051, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 436, 500, 380, 536, 309, 382, 257, 4514, 2533, 13, 814, 536, 309, 382, 364, 47227, 300, 291, 1027, 364, 6713, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1011580805624685, 'compression_ratio': 1.6534653465346534, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2286805957555771}, {'id': 510, 'seek': 520000, 'start': 5200.0, 'end': 5215.0, 'text': " So there's a cultural change there that needs to shift. And the inertia around culture is just massive, you know, you can start looking at where the culture is shifting or where it's stable and where there's no way it's a bank.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 456, 311, 257, 6988, 1319, 456, 300, 2203, 281, 5513, 13, 400, 264, 37234, 926, 3713, 307, 445, 5994, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 393, 722, 1237, 412, 689, 264, 3713, 307, 17573, 420, 689, 309, 311, 8351, 293, 689, 456, 311, 572, 636, 309, 311, 257, 3765, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11250842372073402, 'compression_ratio': 1.75, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1154341846704483}, {'id': 511, 'seek': 520000, 'start': 5215.0, 'end': 5223.0, 'text': " You're never going to change it, you know. And you can start seeing those paths through the mountain ranges.", 'tokens': [51114, 509, 434, 1128, 516, 281, 1319, 309, 11, 291, 458, 13, 400, 291, 393, 722, 2577, 729, 14518, 807, 264, 6937, 22526, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11250842372073402, 'compression_ratio': 1.75, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1154341846704483}, {'id': 512, 'seek': 522300, 'start': 5224.0, 'end': 5229.0, 'text': " And if you see somebody's managed to make a path through the mountain range, that's what we call disposition.", 'tokens': [50414, 400, 498, 291, 536, 2618, 311, 6453, 281, 652, 257, 3100, 807, 264, 6937, 3613, 11, 300, 311, 437, 321, 818, 40293, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12455171888524835, 'compression_ratio': 1.6853448275862069, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04008227586746216}, {'id': 513, 'seek': 522300, 'start': 5229.0, 'end': 5247.0, 'text': " So that means that other similar stories are likely to land and not be rejected because somebody's already managed to get there. You know that there is a path. So you send other people along the same path and see if you can, you can amplify the working probe and can have in terms.", 'tokens': [50664, 407, 300, 1355, 300, 661, 2531, 3676, 366, 3700, 281, 2117, 293, 406, 312, 15749, 570, 2618, 311, 1217, 6453, 281, 483, 456, 13, 509, 458, 300, 456, 307, 257, 3100, 13, 407, 291, 2845, 661, 561, 2051, 264, 912, 3100, 293, 536, 498, 291, 393, 11, 291, 393, 41174, 264, 1364, 22715, 293, 393, 362, 294, 2115, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12455171888524835, 'compression_ratio': 1.6853448275862069, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04008227586746216}, {'id': 514, 'seek': 524700, 'start': 5247.0, 'end': 5254.0, 'text': " So yeah, I've definitely done a lot of constraint mapping with people. I've definitely worked to make constraints permeable.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 1338, 11, 286, 600, 2138, 1096, 257, 688, 295, 25534, 18350, 365, 561, 13, 286, 600, 2138, 2732, 281, 652, 18491, 30287, 712, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12745871442429563, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012039863504469395}, {'id': 515, 'seek': 524700, 'start': 5254.0, 'end': 5262.0, 'text': " I've helped people recognize where their constraints are and some of them sometimes they're self imposed.", 'tokens': [50714, 286, 600, 4254, 561, 5521, 689, 641, 18491, 366, 293, 512, 295, 552, 2171, 436, 434, 2698, 26491, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12745871442429563, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012039863504469395}, {'id': 516, 'seek': 524700, 'start': 5262.0, 'end': 5266.0, 'text': ' Because you know, our heads.', 'tokens': [51114, 1436, 291, 458, 11, 527, 8050, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12745871442429563, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012039863504469395}, {'id': 517, 'seek': 524700, 'start': 5266.0, 'end': 5268.0, 'text': " So that's one of the things I would do.", 'tokens': [51314, 407, 300, 311, 472, 295, 264, 721, 286, 576, 360, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12745871442429563, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012039863504469395}, {'id': 518, 'seek': 524700, 'start': 5268.0, 'end': 5274.0, 'text': " Okay, I think we're going to wrap up the session with the last question maybe from Andrea.", 'tokens': [51414, 1033, 11, 286, 519, 321, 434, 516, 281, 7019, 493, 264, 5481, 365, 264, 1036, 1168, 1310, 490, 24215, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12745871442429563, 'compression_ratio': 1.625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012039863504469395}, {'id': 519, 'seek': 527400, 'start': 5274.0, 'end': 5282.0, 'text': " Yeah, I'm fascinated about all the ideas that Liz brought in.", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 286, 478, 24597, 466, 439, 264, 3487, 300, 16480, 3038, 294, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19042117640657244, 'compression_ratio': 1.4074074074074074, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02266879566013813}, {'id': 520, 'seek': 527400, 'start': 5282.0, 'end': 5302.0, 'text': " I was just wondering how can I hook in the sense making storytelling structure because even if I've read about this framework, I was not aware that this is happening.", 'tokens': [50764, 286, 390, 445, 6359, 577, 393, 286, 6328, 294, 264, 2020, 1455, 21479, 3877, 570, 754, 498, 286, 600, 1401, 466, 341, 8388, 11, 286, 390, 406, 3650, 300, 341, 307, 2737, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19042117640657244, 'compression_ratio': 1.4074074074074074, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02266879566013813}, {'id': 521, 'seek': 530200, 'start': 5302.0, 'end': 5315.0, 'text': ' It was not, it was not for me in any way in shape or form, a way of collecting stories of which we try to make sense.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 390, 406, 11, 309, 390, 406, 337, 385, 294, 604, 636, 294, 3909, 420, 1254, 11, 257, 636, 295, 12510, 3676, 295, 597, 321, 853, 281, 652, 2020, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13203575362020464, 'compression_ratio': 1.490566037735849, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02198612503707409}, {'id': 522, 'seek': 530200, 'start': 5315.0, 'end': 5323.0, 'text': " So the poor man's version is to go talk to people, you know, go, go on the ground, go listen to what people are saying.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 264, 4716, 587, 311, 3037, 307, 281, 352, 751, 281, 561, 11, 291, 458, 11, 352, 11, 352, 322, 264, 2727, 11, 352, 2140, 281, 437, 561, 366, 1566, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13203575362020464, 'compression_ratio': 1.490566037735849, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02198612503707409}, {'id': 523, 'seek': 532300, 'start': 5323.0, 'end': 5333.0, 'text': " They've got so cognitive edge have some other methods, some of which are freely available as soon as you're not trying to sell them like a consultant, which what I do.", 'tokens': [50364, 814, 600, 658, 370, 15605, 4691, 362, 512, 661, 7150, 11, 512, 295, 597, 366, 16433, 2435, 382, 2321, 382, 291, 434, 406, 1382, 281, 3607, 552, 411, 257, 24676, 11, 597, 437, 286, 360, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15417896349405505, 'compression_ratio': 1.6575875486381324, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18292173743247986}, {'id': 524, 'seek': 532300, 'start': 5333.0, 'end': 5336.0, 'text': ' Things like narrative circles.', 'tokens': [50864, 9514, 411, 9977, 13040, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15417896349405505, 'compression_ratio': 1.6575875486381324, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18292173743247986}, {'id': 525, 'seek': 532300, 'start': 5336.0, 'end': 5343.0, 'text': " So there's ways of going around and collecting these stories and the important thing is, you don't act as the middle person.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 456, 311, 2098, 295, 516, 926, 293, 12510, 613, 3676, 293, 264, 1021, 551, 307, 11, 291, 500, 380, 605, 382, 264, 2808, 954, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15417896349405505, 'compression_ratio': 1.6575875486381324, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18292173743247986}, {'id': 526, 'seek': 532300, 'start': 5343.0, 'end': 5351.0, 'text': " You don't act as an intermediary you introduce the decision makers with the stories being told always.", 'tokens': [51364, 509, 500, 380, 605, 382, 364, 15184, 822, 291, 5366, 264, 3537, 19323, 365, 264, 3676, 885, 1907, 1009, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15417896349405505, 'compression_ratio': 1.6575875486381324, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18292173743247986}, {'id': 527, 'seek': 535100, 'start': 5352.0, 'end': 5362.0, 'text': ' As much as possible you keep that facilitative mindset as somebody in the middle, right, and just get the decision makers to see the stories.', 'tokens': [50414, 1018, 709, 382, 1944, 291, 1066, 300, 10217, 14275, 12543, 382, 2618, 294, 264, 2808, 11, 558, 11, 293, 445, 483, 264, 3537, 19323, 281, 536, 264, 3676, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1377159716135048, 'compression_ratio': 1.655813953488372, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015668261796236038}, {'id': 528, 'seek': 535100, 'start': 5362.0, 'end': 5369.0, 'text': ' And ideally get the people who are telling the stories to contribute to those decisions.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 22915, 483, 264, 561, 567, 366, 3585, 264, 3676, 281, 10586, 281, 729, 5327, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1377159716135048, 'compression_ratio': 1.655813953488372, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015668261796236038}, {'id': 529, 'seek': 535100, 'start': 5369.0, 'end': 5378.0, 'text': " I'm fairly new to this so I'm hoping I'm getting this right but you know to chat with Dave and some other people because I'm.", 'tokens': [51264, 286, 478, 6457, 777, 281, 341, 370, 286, 478, 7159, 286, 478, 1242, 341, 558, 457, 291, 458, 281, 5081, 365, 11017, 293, 512, 661, 561, 570, 286, 478, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1377159716135048, 'compression_ratio': 1.655813953488372, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015668261796236038}, {'id': 530, 'seek': 537800, 'start': 5378.0, 'end': 5383.0, 'text': " Everybody keeps telling me I'm an expert in this and I don't feel like one.", 'tokens': [50364, 7646, 5965, 3585, 385, 286, 478, 364, 5844, 294, 341, 293, 286, 500, 380, 841, 411, 472, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17987772859173057, 'compression_ratio': 1.4956140350877194, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005213315598666668}, {'id': 531, 'seek': 537800, 'start': 5383.0, 'end': 5404.0, 'text': ' Yeah, but my way, as I said was linking to the Twitter API, putting lots of hashtags that I sort of relevant extracting tweets, and then basically creating that type of clusters, you know, with with algorithms, what people talk about how do they cluster, and so on.', 'tokens': [50614, 865, 11, 457, 452, 636, 11, 382, 286, 848, 390, 25775, 281, 264, 5794, 9362, 11, 3372, 3195, 295, 50016, 300, 286, 1333, 295, 7340, 49844, 25671, 11, 293, 550, 1936, 4084, 300, 2010, 295, 23313, 11, 291, 458, 11, 365, 365, 14642, 11, 437, 561, 751, 466, 577, 360, 436, 13630, 11, 293, 370, 322, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17987772859173057, 'compression_ratio': 1.4956140350877194, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005213315598666668}, {'id': 532, 'seek': 540400, 'start': 5404.0, 'end': 5414.0, 'text': ' So I was not aware that there is a more evolved form of that so that I would happily not rediscover the wheel.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 390, 406, 3650, 300, 456, 307, 257, 544, 14178, 1254, 295, 300, 370, 300, 286, 576, 19909, 406, 2182, 40080, 264, 5589, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24494518339633942, 'compression_ratio': 1.44375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02945661172270775}, {'id': 533, 'seek': 540400, 'start': 5414.0, 'end': 5416.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [50864, 865, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24494518339633942, 'compression_ratio': 1.44375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02945661172270775}, {'id': 534, 'seek': 540400, 'start': 5416.0, 'end': 5417.0, 'text': ' Great.', 'tokens': [50964, 3769, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24494518339633942, 'compression_ratio': 1.44375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02945661172270775}, {'id': 535, 'seek': 540400, 'start': 5417.0, 'end': 5418.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [51014, 865, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24494518339633942, 'compression_ratio': 1.44375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02945661172270775}, {'id': 536, 'seek': 540400, 'start': 5418.0, 'end': 5425.0, 'text': ' Okay, well thanks everyone. Thanks Matthew. Thanks Andrew. Thanks Liz for joining us in this session.', 'tokens': [51064, 1033, 11, 731, 3231, 1518, 13, 2561, 12434, 13, 2561, 10110, 13, 2561, 16480, 337, 5549, 505, 294, 341, 5481, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24494518339633942, 'compression_ratio': 1.44375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02945661172270775}, {'id': 537, 'seek': 542500, 'start': 5425.0, 'end': 5434.0, 'text': ' And obviously this is our fourth year and people come back in every year and speakers like yourselves in our idea and always see you present and thank you very much for that.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 2745, 341, 307, 527, 6409, 1064, 293, 561, 808, 646, 294, 633, 1064, 293, 9518, 411, 14791, 294, 527, 1558, 293, 1009, 536, 291, 1974, 293, 1309, 291, 588, 709, 337, 300, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18556087117799572, 'compression_ratio': 1.5958549222797926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5567887425422668}, {'id': 538, 'seek': 542500, 'start': 5434.0, 'end': 5443.0, 'text': " So folks are watching, we're going to move on to the networking I think that's an hour networking after this. So we'll see you there.", 'tokens': [50814, 407, 4024, 366, 1976, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 1286, 322, 281, 264, 17985, 286, 519, 300, 311, 364, 1773, 17985, 934, 341, 13, 407, 321, 603, 536, 291, 456, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18556087117799572, 'compression_ratio': 1.5958549222797926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5567887425422668}, {'id': 539, 'seek': 544300, 'start': 5443.0, 'end': 5457.0, 'text': ' And of course, our speakers are going to be, you know, there as well mingling well virtually with with all of you. So see you at the networking session and see you back at 12 noon UK time for the next set of talks.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 295, 1164, 11, 527, 9518, 366, 516, 281, 312, 11, 291, 458, 11, 456, 382, 731, 275, 278, 1688, 731, 14103, 365, 365, 439, 295, 291, 13, 407, 536, 291, 412, 264, 17985, 5481, 293, 536, 291, 646, 412, 2272, 24040, 7051, 565, 337, 264, 958, 992, 295, 6686, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18546363079186642, 'compression_ratio': 1.4523809523809523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6937593817710876}, {'id': 540, 'seek': 544300, 'start': 5457.0, 'end': 5459.0, 'text': ' And thank you very much.', 'tokens': [51064, 400, 1309, 291, 588, 709, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18546363079186642, 'compression_ratio': 1.4523809523809523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6937593817710876}, {'id': 541, 'seek': 544300, 'start': 5459.0, 'end': 5461.0, 'text': ' Bye.', 'tokens': [51164, 4621, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18546363079186642, 'compression_ratio': 1.4523809523809523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6937593817710876}], 'language': 'en'}, {'text': " Welcome all and thanks to the first session today of Mapcam. Today we're going to be talking about cybersecurity and why context is your crown jewels. I struggle with that sentence. Why context is your crown jewels? And I've got Petro Vuknyrovich. Is that correct, Petro? I practiced that and got it right the first time. So Petro, why don't you introduce yourself and let's dive in and start going. I've got a few people who clearly are excited and ready to go complaining there's no talk happening. Okay, so hello. Good morning everyone. Happy Tuesday. I'm just going to show my screen now and start my presentation and then I can introduce myself as well. Give me one second. And there we go. So hello, I am Petro Vuknyrovich and I'm here to give you a talk on why context is your crown jewels with my little twist of basically getting to know your sharks. So just a little bit about me. I am by background and emergency medicine doctor. I was also on the COVID front line in March recently, but as of recent most importantly, I am the cybersecurity engineer in Glasgow. So that might come as a surprise to many people. But I just want to say how well one of the things was with a little help from my friends. And that is worldly maps. Basically for my interview as part of the job application in Glasgow, I had to do a worldly map, which kind of sealed the deal and held me a job, which is great. I then had to also show that worldly map in front of the whole company, which was quite fun too. But yeah, there we go. Worldly maps kind of painting the path towards people's careers. And of course, it took me a lot of hard work and determination to change my career. So again, a little bit about me, just all the stuff that I'm doing right now. So emergency medicine, a master's student information security, and I'm also an athlete. So I can bring you some insight from different angles to this talk as well. So just a little joke and check humans and web apps too. This is actually the first worldly map that sealed me the interview, but I'm not here to talk about that today. Right, so why do we need to know the context, right? So basically, if we're thrown into an ocean, as you see on the picture here, it's really actually important to know the waters that were swimming in, right? You know, it's, it's valid to know are we swimming with sharks or swimming with dolphins. It's also worth knowing where the land on the horizon is, like is it east north south, so where are we going to swim towards to to save ourselves. And then, once we know our context, then we can actually figure out what we need to kind of, you know, save ourselves in this situation. So if we have sharks swimming around us, obviously we don't want to be on paddleboards like these two guys. We want a proper boat, right? But if we got dolphins and the land is quite near, we're going to be actually quite happy, paddling away. So, that's just a little bit about how context can kind of change the situation. Also context is not important, obviously, only cybersecurity, it's actually something that's embedded. The importance of context is embedded in many professions. One of the professions is my previous profession and that will be emergency medicine. Also, it's important aviation, which actually, you know, a lot of simulations in regards to aviation and emergency medicine come hand to hand. And people actually, you know, simulate situations where they practice context. So, as I said, it's trained extensively. But, you know, the good thing about cybersecurity is that you can do simulations in many ways and it's much easier than doing them in aviation or medicine and actually worldly maps can be some sort of simulation. It's actually a theoretical simulation and then it replicates your context and it replicates the climate that your business is in. So, that way helps you form a strategy. So just think about that for a bit. Okay, so I'm going to present you now a map that I made for this. A lot of times in cybersecurity, we talk about vulnerabilities. We don't get very focused on those because they keep popping up all the time. We use a lot of dependencies in our softwares. These dependencies need upgrading, they become vulnerable quite often. And then it becomes even at a lot of points for a cybersecurity engineer or an analyst very overwhelming to see, you know, how are we going to approach the vulnerability management. We have a lot of scores. We have a lot of approaches. But it's never a straightforward thing. It's never black and white. So, we can actually also kind of think about the context of these vulnerabilities are in and we can use worldly maps to help us guide the way to see how we're going to manage those. Right. So, one thing that I've started doing this summer is trying to think of a reverse worldly map methodology, because in mobile maps we always use the users as an anchor. But you know, in cybersecurity, sometimes things are different. Sometimes we just have to think like an attacker, not like our user. We just, you know, quite often we do that in cybersecurity. So why not implement that into a worldly map. So I thought about that and I thought, okay, so let's think about an attacker. Let's figure out the attackers needs. So also which context is the attacker in. And once we know that we can actually make sure that we strip those needs away from the attacker from the bad guy. Right, so here we go. I'm going to show you my map. So we got this attacker. He is a blackhack hacker. And he is also a very smart and skilled one. Okay, because, you know, these days we got loads of attackers we got, you know, the script pitties, which are basically beginners. So we got attackers who will just use awesome tools, which is open source intelligence tools to hackers. We got social engineers, which will just use a low techie way to actually penetrate our systems. So for my kind of demonstration, I chose, you know, a very skilled and smart black hacker who's got a lot of techie skills. Right, so what does an attacker need. Well, it needs vulnerable software right. And then the other thing that attacker needs is a hacking framework, which is hackers tools. You know, a computer, a system, everything, for example, one of the hacking frameworks that is most popular is called metasploit and he has like a lot of scanning tools embedded. It's got exploits and that you can dump straight away. So that's just an example. Right, so talking about context, we've got this vulnerable software, but it's not just the vulnerable software that it needs right because software by itself can be vulnerable but it can still be impenetrable. So for this software, we need some open ports and we need some publicly facing IPs for the attacker to even be able to, you know, get to know that this software exists to even reach it. Right, and then as a commodity, we got internet access, which is a utility. Now, as you see, all of this is on the right of my world map. And that's because vulnerable software is, you know, something that's very, very common. So it's pretty much something that's industrialized because a lot of software these days will have vulnerabilities. As soon as a new patch comes out, it takes a couple months and they can get some vulnerabilities. And also open ports, publicly facing IPs, something that's, you know, just necessary for software to function most these days. Internet access again is a utility. So it's all on the right on my world map. So if we think about it, we got that on the right for a black hacker. These are the things that are quite easily accessible. Then we go a little bit to the left and we got the hacking framework. And then we got the known exploits as well. Because of course it's not just necessary for vulnerability to be present. It's necessary for a known exploit. And this is where we're getting close to our, you know, explanation of context and why it matters here. So basically, as I said, we got all of these things on the right. And then we got our zero day exploit on the left. Now, the zero day is on the left because it's just as bespoke thing. It's custom made. It's not something that's been done before. And it's, it depends on the, you know, high, high skills of a hacker to actually sit down and write some code and write an exploit. So this is where we're getting at. So we got a vulnerability of our software. And, you know, the instinct in a lot of times is just to like ration and try and patch that vulnerability. But actually, if we think about the context, is this vulnerability exploitable? Is this actually, you know, is it a database? Is actually not even connected to the internet? Because in that scenario, if we strip away the internet access, we don't even need to patch the vulnerability. We can just strip away the internet access and that's easier, right, than just paying developers to sit down for hours, patching some systems. Also, we can close some ports. Maybe that will help to just reduce our risk. So this is all about the context where software lies in and how we can approach actually this vulnerability. Also, on the right, as you see, so these are the things that the hacker has readily available, but also the things that is easy for us to take away. But if we can't, or if we've already done that, but we want to, you know, security in debt, then we can think about like, okay, so there's some known exploits out there. We can't take really those away, but we can also think about, for example, zero day exploit. Some people think, oh, it's impossible to take that away, but there's also methods for that too. So the method is like content disarmament and construction, where we basically make sure that any files have, don't have any unknown malware. So it is also a strategy that we can go for, if we want security in debt, and if it's something that, you know, we've already addressed all the other bits of our worldly maps. There we go. That's a little bit about like how we can use, you know, how we have to put everything into context, and how we have to, how we can use worldly maps to actually reveal the context, because sometimes we, okay, we're aware that we have to think about it, but we're not really sure how to visualize it to ourselves. So it could be a way to do that. So I also wanted to show you. There's another map that I've made. And it's also similar to context. I kind of imagined that we can also do a threat modeling with worldly maps. And I wanted to make it a bit fun. So I decided to do a threat modeling of COVID itself. Well, actually, not COVID as per se, but more as like the virus, like coronavirus. So what does coronavirus need to become COVID to become the disease? So again, I'm putting the attacker here as a user. I'm doing this reverse methodology, because then again we can think about stripping away the attackers needs. And as here it says we got like our crowded places we got our healthy individuals. We got individuals at risk on the left side, we've got hygiene habits on the right. So that was prelocked. That was pre summer that was during the harshest lockdown that this world map was made. You know, obviously, all the crowded places and everything was on the left because that wasn't existent at the time it was a very rare thing to you know, if it was crowded was illegal. But then in the context. So that's that was that context of pre lockdown. And if you think about it for summer 2020 the whole context has changed. And like we have again crowded places to the right side now. And we have healthy individual would travel on the right, got airlines on the right. So everything's moved to the right. And again, how are we going to strip the virus as needs. So what is the strategy is the government going to take. Again, going back to our black hacker is easiest to take away their most readily available needs right so let's you know, try and reduce the crowded places. And then reduce the healthy individuals would travel introduce quarantines. So again, as you see we can also put things into context and worldly maps we can also think of a strategy on how to cope how what is the easiest thing that we can do to make a biggest effect first. And that comes to the end of my presentation. Thank you for your attention. And it's time for discussion and questions. Brilliant Patrick, really brilliant start to the day. I've, if you don't mind I jump if I could jump in and ask a question on that and everybody are free to use the Q&A I should have said that at the beginning, just to put in any questions you have. So what's the first point. Yeah, first is that changing context. When I started mapping the biggest problem I had was deciding what were what the axes were. So I may have a specific thing I wanted to study and it was okay there's so many different things to consider how do I pick the right one. I tend to map for other people so I'm mapping for customers to try to understand the solutions of things they're doing. I'm wondering what if you could just talk a little bit about the experience of changing context and what's difficult about that. From the point of view of deciding what you're measuring what you're actually looking at. Yeah, so, as you see where I change context is actually. Yeah, I put the blood hacker hacker here. Because if we think about in cybersecurity a lot of times, if we think about our users. Yes, it's important, but a lot of times when we think about business and strategy and our customers. We of course want to fulfill this customer's needs, but cybersecurity in a way it's different because it's more, it's not so much about doing something actively it's actually preventative. So, in a way we still, you know, if we're going to be preventative. We have to think about what are we preventing against and where we, you know, where are we going to put our efforts in. And this is where I kind of thought that, you know, putting our hacker as a user here would be better because that's basically what we do in penetration testing as well. And so, you know, we, you know, we place ourselves as an attacker rather than actually addressing our customers and addressing our users, which I know it's a little bit different. So, yeah, changing context can be difficult because we can be very much stuck in kind of our constant ways of thinking and you know this is how it is and this is how it has been. If we want to make some progression, then I think sometimes it's better to change that context put ourselves into, you know, make our anchor a bit different and see how we can change angles to make ourselves more efficient. Oh, you muted Damien. Yes, it might happen again. Philippe, go ahead and speaking of context, anybody putting in a question, feel free to write who you are and why you're asking maybe your domain. Just to give us a little bit of context and make sure you get the answer you're looking for but a question from Philip, go ahead. In which way of those maps told you something you didn't already know. So what did you learn or what was revealed by the maps as you went along. So I think in this scenario I know sometimes it can seem like, oh, you know, we're discovering, we're not discovering, you know, a new continent here. But I think it's more about what I mentioned earlier, it's more about simulation and just kind of making us aware of our context because as I said, sometimes we can get so focused on actually trying to for example fight zero day exploits and just kind of being aware of those and trying to cope with those and patching up vulnerabilities. Well, I think making this map actually shows us more of, well, actually, if we do something super easy and that's like remove internet access from a database, and we can still use our software. So actually that way we can with much less effort patch to vulnerability than like, for example, paying some developer to sit down for seven hours and try and patch all the systems. So in that way, I think it revealed something that we didn't. It's not so much that it revealed something that we didn't know, but it's more kind of putting our situation in context and guiding us through the way to figure out what's your next step in vulnerability management. Brilliant. Sarah, do you have any advice questions for Petra? I wouldn't presume to give Petra advice in this in this space. I just want to back her up completely in terms of the value adds I mean certainly she's brought you sort of simple elegance I'm going to be bringing you chaos at scale. So ways to either see the additional perspectives you may not be focused on because you're in your silo very focused in on your specialist area is incredibly valuable. And from my point of view trying to strip away some of the layers so you can focus in the way Petra has so I think it works from perspective. Fantastic. Dennis. I'm, I'm the guilty one of getting Petra to not then that worldly map, because I want to put on the recruitment process that we did the the world we maps, you know, requirement, which I highly recommend. It was a major success story for us, who actually put where the maps as part of the recruitment process. So, you know, as you can see that you know it was a great way to see Petra in action, but also to see her thinking on this. So, I'm very privileged to have Petra as member of my team. So we're going to have to ask you about that whole process of inserting would be mapping as part of a hiring process and there was a whole story there. Okay, another question, James, say, Billy, do you find that you need to map attackers at different levels of abstraction. I think like for every attacker that has a different level, do a new world map. If that's the question then yes. I think that every level of attacker deserves its own worldly map. If that was the question if that makes sense. Well, okay, that's one interpretation. I would have interpreted the, so the levels of abstraction so you can have the same hacker, but effectively, are there different ways you can view that same threat or different or that same hacker. Not knowing the domain itself. Maybe that's a bad interpretation. I don't know Sarah or Dennis if you'd have a different interpretation of that question. I'm going to go with your interpretation. And assume you answered it correctly James correct us if you, if, if, if you can add any context to that question. Excellent presentation. Have you applied for ethical hacking and businesses uses knowledge and awareness being a vulnerability. What I don't know about the threat how you know have you have you, yeah, that's a really good question actually have you mapped the deficiency of understanding of users as a vulnerability in itself. Yeah, I mean that's definitely a vulnerability. I mean, you know we can patch our software as much as we want, but sometimes the lack of knowledge of users is definitely a vulnerability so yeah that's a really good point that that should come on to this map. But there's also something that a black hacker, you know, a lot of times needs is just, you know, users not being aware how to use that software and then making themselves and the softer vulnerable, just by doing that. So yeah good point. So that's a good point on this one. I think when you do a map right, I think it's very important that you have a specific scenario at hand right you know the scenario that you pick up almost determine how you look at maps. In a nutshell, the maps is basically a sequence or you know a value chain or a sequence of events. These this to this this to this or this has this or needs this etc. And then basically four levels of evolution that you know you need to be creative on it right. I think a lot of maps, you know you see Genesis custom build product in commodity but if you look at that big table that someone has right. There is, there's lots of different ways to slices and I'll show some examples on my presentation of, you know, it's about the telling the story. And that's how I view it right the you want to tell a story with a map and when you're thinking maps, you know you basically are, you know, moving things in your heads of you know, or you're trying to understand what happens if you know this goes to the right or what will happen, you know when you know something happens, what happens then. And I think that's one of the most actually there's a question on gameplays and, and things are what happens right. I find that that's probably the most value I get from maps is to really understand that things will co evolved things will change that as soon as something goes to the level of product or commodity. There's a whole bunch of other things that will occur. So you can think of that from an attacker once an attacker which certain level there's other things that you know almost gained has been unlocked right or other innovations or other things that they can do. Yeah, I would second that. In my context mapping for customers typically to try and try and fail fast right to work out the customer projects that make no sense, and actually will be a cost to me as a salesperson and what I often find is that the real value is less around the map more around the conversation. It's a tool that helps me to unsimplify some of the things that as part of just the course of thinking about things you'll tend to wrap things up think about them in terms of maybe two or three components. When I then actually map something I'll realize while there are eight or nine things that are important, not just the three that I focus on from day to day. So it's almost at all for allowing me to sort of Yeah, be simplify things that have have unnecessarily been simplified before brilliant. Thank you so much. Do we have. Maybe in one more minute. I just want to also mention one thing. Right, so also talking about context. On this picture before this one. What I also want to mention is because we've got a moment is, so this picture looks very chaotic right and, you know, some, some people would say well you know these people are on it they think like they know what they're doing. Because everyone's busy everyone's doing their own thing everyone just kind of knows what to do. But actually in the context of what this is so this is a major trauma call where there's a trauma team handling a patient. Actually this is very wrong. Because every individual knows what they're doing yes, but there's no one leading the whole call. So there's no person standing at a patient's bed, you know, kind of directing the call having this situational awareness of the whole situation and you know knowing the context because every single individual can be doing the wrong thing, but if they're not perfectly synchronized, if they're not aware of their context, they actually might be doing something very wrong and for example moving the patient wrong and then, you know, causing more damage than actually, than actually good. So I think you know this picture even though it looks quite organized. It's actually very chaotic. And there's you know, there's no, the context here is not it's foggy no one's aware of it so this is why I think you know also in you know in business by medicines is yes everyone knows needs to know what they're doing, but we need to also know the context that we're actually engaged in. Yeah. Thanks so much, Patrick. So it's a really good start as I said, and actually such an interesting subject area. I have probably 100 questions for you just on your map around covert. And just what you've seen around sort of some of the decision making and if there's anything that perhaps could have been exposed through that but I think that's a little bit analogous to the to the to the conversation today. So who's Sarah Clark now, who's got a presentation for us Sarah what are you going to be talking to us about today. Well I'm going to be talking about something where we apparently I was the problem that warily maps is the solution in search of. I've been dealing with governance, risking compliance at scale and trying to simplify that. But I'm going to talk about a very specific corner of that now which is my role in vendor governance and trying to head people off at the past buying past when they're trying to buy systems to solve people problems. So I'm going to be talking about the difficulty in articulating why that isn't the best value out for a given point in time, or for a given context. So in that context is absolutely everything and that's what I'm hoping to demonstrate today. First, the way I came to the conclusion very very painfully, a different way and how I think it could have saved me thousands of words and a lot of pictures to maybe do it with a map. So, that's brilliant. Let's go. Let's get this up properly. And present. Okay, is that on screen for everybody. Let's do this. It says screen sharing has failed to start. Let me just find out see if there's a reason why. Okay. Petra, did you on screen share. Okay, just checking. This will be a theme of the day. So, where you normally go to a conference and see people rushing around because there hadn't been a you know that haven't been a my sequence move from one place to another this is us just trying to bring that real world experience online for you. Right. Let me just try that again. There you go. I think that's worked that time. Yes, we see hell fire. Hell fire raining down. Yeah. Well, I was going to introduce myself very briefly first. And that's me. The context of this talk more specifically is in the early days of GDPR I just turned around to focus. Unlike many I wasn't there to just cash in on on the frenzy what I what I was doing was trying to bring some of the transferable lessons from me doing cybersecurity governance at scale because I could see it coming down the pipe at everyone trying to do data protection. So, I was, I was coming to bring my lessons learned. And in scoping those programs they were there was a massive focus on one of the core requirements which was to be able to list the kind of personal data processing you were doing. And the temptation was enormous with an awful lot of supportive communication from those marketing schools to say, let's get something that automatically calls the network to find personal data because it's something it's doing something. It's solving a problem. And so I was like, is it the right thing to do. I very, very strongly felt from all my experience in this game that it was not the right thing to do at that point in time and this is, this is talking about that journey and how mapping might have helped me have those communications. So, yeah, so this is the context in which people are going please give me some tin that does the job for me please please that helped me find the personal data and put it into a record of processing activity, which was the compliance requirement driving people towards automated data discovery. As you'll note here isn't just finding data though a record of processing activity need you to understand who's accountable for that data are you transferring it to other places how securely you looking after it when are you going to stop retaining it. What kind of data is it how sensitive is it and and these are the mandatory things to include a couple of them they're optional you can put as much about retention and security as you can reasonably understand when you first log those entries so is that where we want to go. And this is the other thing that usually scattered people and they didn't know what was a priority they didn't know how to prioritize they couldn't see their whole scope. And the vast majority of folks focused on containers that they focused on a list of servers something in the configuration management database to work out about data but you know that tin doesn't understand the context of why you've got that data, where is it's coming from where is it going to. So, again, a lot of people spent an age trying to gather information about data in systems and it still didn't give them the intelligent information they needed. There's also this context this is my amateur artwork, and perhaps there wasn't yet the motivation and understanding that we needed to change something or perhaps something else took the focus from the business that they need decided was more of a priority to focus on so there was a lot of dependency on where you were in this kind of cycle. And so this is the context of how the budget holders were viewing what you were trying to achieve within the business as well. And this is this is my version of the map of the challenge with this this automated data discovery this was this was almost sanity prevo serving work I took my crayons and I drew this out and then I designed it in PowerPoint. And I noticed that you scan the personal data when you find it but is it personal. Do you know you have to find someone to check with you have to have the knowledge you'll be trained or have someone who knows. Did you find someone is the purpose for processing it clear because when you do a record of processing activity is not about what the data is it's about why have you got it that everything hangs off. Why do you have that data what are you planning to do with it. Does anybody know that can you find somebody. Is if you found that out are you doing this compliant. Is it appropriate is it optimized for purpose. Do you know no you're going to you can't drive that knowledge out of the data protection function you need to talk to the business. And if it's not if you don't have an appropriate purpose and you're not doing it compliantly you're going to have to fix that problem. If you are doing it compliantly you log it for your future use so it's a massive picture that all joins up and the tool is only going to solve a part of this. And then there's all the other context questions. So that's question about do you understand the context about your databases but also your emails with personal data on your internet or obviously also the internet file servers data lakes paper hard drives. And is it just going to give you information about metadata or is it looking at content is it sensitive which ups the risk. Is it structured and structured that it will cover is it what about your false positives and negatives what level of that. But this isn't even the end of the story. You've got the same challenges for your service external it you've got the same challenges for your cloud vendors on probably these days, more like this. You've got your remote workforce everything there's not really a boundary. So, hopefully what I've illustrated here or what I'm trying to illustrate is it's a massive challenge of uncertainty and collaboration within the business to get you to the point where you understand your core processing. You need a point of start and you need to know your priorities. Because this green portion of fully automated data discovery it's only one third, potentially if you're lucky of each of those cycles for each of those domains. So, one of the critical things in terms of auditing compliance is you need to understand your residual risk. It doesn't matter if you can't cover the whole piece it doesn't matter if there's a gap in your tooling jigsaw, as long as you understand what it is. But you need to get to the point to be able to understand and a tool doesn't do that for you a tool will focus on what it can fix. It doesn't help you get your arms around the bigger picture of what you actually need to govern. So how did we do with this automated data processing. Well, we solved about a third of the problem of listing the data we're processing, likely with the requirements gathering implementation tuning finding someone to answer questions. In far too much time, maybe a year, maybe two years. Well, that was all of the results and time you had to do your entire compare compliance program. And all you have is half an idea of how much data is in which system. This is this is being unfair to some very, very good tools around there but you need the context of your data governance maturity and your understanding of your data processing is state and your stakeholders lined up in order to cope with it. So needless to say, you're not solving much of a problem is another way of showing you these. These are some of the line items and potentially a whole data protection program. And that reminded me of something as soon as I started to become aware of waddling maps. This is really it's a very detailed slide it's very worthy I'm happy to share these slides. And, but this is the Sun's new cycle that shows you the elements that you need to consider when you're looking at strategy. And really I was looking at all of them I was looking at, you know, I mean a position to take advantage of this army mature enough do we have capacity to do it now. How do we get there if we if we don't. What are the external factors and massive drive to be compliant by a particular date. And also a tooling frenzy because it was comforting to have. If we can't do that can we pivot and if we optimize for all that what do we achieve and is it the right stuff. So this isn't this isn't a polished map. This is this is in a demonstration of you just need to get stuck in and try and I wouldn't recommend anyone takes me as a tutor for mapping. This is me at the beginning of my mapping journey. So, and yeah, this is the map. My principle for mapping this because we are looking at all of the information inputs and the things that need to contribute to in terms of expertise and time, and all the things that are dependent upon each element that contributes towards being able to evidence data protection compliance because the need driving this is the board needing to evidence data protection compliance and what's happening is the the marketing noise around automated data discovery was drowning out the bigger picture of what evidence in data protection compliance actually means. So this was the first step in trying to put back that context. So you have your record of processing activity your data mapping and your data discovery which is really what you get out of the box from this tool. We all know that you need to have exception management and manual audit to work out all those. Do you know if it's personal. Do you know if it's compliant questions. You need local awareness to do that. You need a racy worked out so people know some of that is part of their job. You need a triage you need to be able to work out what your priorities are to aim this out you don't roll something like this out across the entire estate and have it to do list as long as the Amazon, and that never gets done you look at what exception management and outputs look like. And you're always working with ideally, but intention with all of the more mature commoditized things on the right hand side. You're working with all the revenue generating functions trying to still carry on with their job. So my next stage was to work out well what can you actually start to move on in this space. Well, this is a picture of all the things that you rely on upon the rest of the business to give you from from the data mapping point of view. And it's just simplifying it down to all the things we can't really influence things that are important to make it work that aren't really under data protections control. So there's some substantial inputs there which we can't do much about so there's another lens to look at that through. This lens is saying what what stuff can we lay groundwork for. And at this stage I've removed automated data processing because it was actually influencing so little of the picture. I've reverted back to looking at the actual need, which is to demonstrate data protection compliance. So I've looked at the things that the data protection or security team can start to lay groundwork for change to do with. Really they cannot start to change data collection points change management customer journeys and supply selection that is part woven into in the business context I was looking just corporate very, very immovable resistant change environment. So you can lay a lot of groundwork. It's an awful lot of upfront work to be able to start to demonstrate compliance you need to have these things in place and working. But when it comes to actually implementing it. Most of those things cannot be implemented unless you have the buy in unless you've identified the parts that the rest of the business contribute into it. So this was demonstrating to stakeholders, we can't do this without you. We can lay the groundwork but we can't do this without you. We need to have support to do the upfront work to enable it to be as painless, simple, quick and easy as possible to collaborate with us to bring you the picture of data protection compliance. And that's really sort of looking at the what goes on in the back end that adds the extra layers of value to mapping. It's really understanding the environment you're delivering it into there really wasn't a lot of appetite because we were in a massive sales push and a really big strategic drive to evolve the business so there was very little appetite to change supply and selection and change processes because so much was changing so many suppliers were being on board it. There was no one would really spare capacity and time in the business to support that implementation phase. The security triage that was usually mainly lacking by which I mean, working out the things that make something a priority which makes something a high inherent risk that needed to be put in place to direct effort for all steps of this. There wasn't a lot of appetite to do that either. And for all of the understanding that GDPR was a big deal. They're also with an awful lot of fear about the changes that was bringing there was really concerned about how much the marketing database was going to have to go. And that was driving a lot of defensiveness and incredible amount of inertia and outright conflict with the attempts of the program. So it was then trying to delve down to where can we nudge where can we try and impact this situation a little bit. So we stripped away all those chaotic lines to show you where things were least mature and where things needed to move the furthest and the things that had the most connections to them which were the things with the clouds in in the first place. With data protection awareness, people actually understanding which part of this was their job and the triage piece needed to be far more mature, essentially existing within the structures and processes in the business. And they also needed to be uplifted to a far higher level of visibility. We also needed to improve maturity for data protection impact assessments because if you're going to bring stakeholders on board they need to understand why and data protection impact assessment drives out the context and the risks for high risk stuff. Europa needs to be more mature, but that is actually going to be a secondary effect of a lot of the other uplift and data protection risk management. Most of the time in business as you're delivering this stuff into the risk matrix doesn't even talk about impact on data subjects. So you need that's a big cultural shift that you need to move as long as well as mechanisms to even if it's objective have some consistent scaling for the level of data protection risk that is very much not a mature area globally right now still the concept of harms are very immature and not very helpful for our job of trying to incorporate these things into a risk matrix. And breach management, you cannot avoid having the stall set out if something goes wrong while you're in the midst of this it needs to be reasonably mature and at least bring it up to speed with your security incident management plug it into what you have. So what did, what did this achieve. This picture I could not have put together from a standing start I needed the pre existing maps to understand this context to be able to paint the strategic development picture. I needed to create these maps to be able to paint the picture that didn't include automated data discovery in the first instance. We ended up with commitment after this mapping exercise and conversations to invest in raising awareness and the triage in the racey. They put on whole plans to buy automated data discovery. And, but the hiccup is the things that were surfaced as is typical with something like data discovery and identifying a risk understanding what you don't know is the messengers tend to get shot, especially in large businesses where people have paid lip service to these kind of developments over years when the budget cyclists come around again and perhaps things started were never maintained. But certainly there was a across the board uplift and awareness that smooth the ride for them for what was then done. But the lessons learned for me both from a mapping point of view and from a business management and strategy point of view in governance was, and you have to find out who had skin in the game and working out a racey and getting people to sign on the dotted line for that is essential and a bit like mapping the document you end up with with a racey isn't the point isn't the value is the journey is the conversation it's understanding what pressures everyone else is working under. You have to have means to triage and look at what's important. And in terms of my map as opposed to Petrith for what I was trying to achieve it was trying to demonstrate chaos so chaos is fine. But you need to understand the battles that you can fight, which is what it helped me to understand so I could call back to the core of what was changeable and who actually was in a position to be accountable to change it. And the last point is really my main take where I need more maps, every one of those points actually has their own sub maps for processes and contributory technology etc and various levels of maturity, but chuck it all in, work out your winnable battles, focus in and then build back out. And that is probably quite a lot of talking quite a lot of detail but that that's what I wanted to say in my 15 minutes. Wow, and dead on time. Really good Sarah for provoking really informative as well. I suppose. The first question would just be the complexity of this of the domain that you're in. I'm wondering about where it comes from how many people were contributing in your maps were they the same people contributing and did you general get generally get around components, especially where the component is the person you're discussing. I won't touch on the fact that you've put sales in the commodity utility area. I think that's a discussion we could have privately. Yeah, that kind of drives to my question. Tell us just a little bit about the story of conflict around the mapping process and around actual the data you were getting in to inform the maps. Yeah, I mean the map very much came later in this because as I said I'm very much a baby mapper and somebody who's a lot further down the journey would have a lot of enormous amount to teach me about things I've missed and techniques I've used but the people who came to the table with the people who are already once and battles of convincing them of the worth of refocusing. And so the conflicts came prior to that. And so it was in large part people who had bet the farm on the data they needed to deliver things in the business, especially in HR and marketing and in sales, where they foresaw their strategic pre existing strategic plans being endangered. People I brought to the table with the people I'd already convinced of the value of refocusing. Once we came to the table for mapping. There was the typical thing that you have with all kinds of things in risk management in security and data protection everybody felt that their strategic games were the most important. And they all felt that theirs were more mature than I thought they were in terms of personal data, visibility and management. So it was a massive diplomatic exercise. It was being sort of iron fist in velvet glove. I don't really want to use a fact she quotes sorry. Anyway, it was trying to be very gently respectful of what they brought to the table so I ended up with the person who'd usually dealt with compliance and marketing Ditto for HR. I had my usual IT business partner in the room. I had the CRO came and spent time because they had perspective across operational risk. And also procurement from a vendor governance point of view and someone from the project management office. Those were the key key person people in the room. And me bringing a data protection focus. And that chaotic map was the outcome but we did have five versions of that that I just had to eventually draw a line and say, This is the one we're going with. And that's because it doesn't have to be perfect as long as the narratives are consistent that are coming out of it from all our perspectives. Interesting. So, for me, the conflict is the thing that showed that shows that the map is doing something so it's either conflict because the results and how different the recommendations effectively the map gives an organization after what they thought before to the conflict in in the actual discussion where people are having conflicts in terms of actually determining where things should be what how things should be interpreted. I figured that the conflict is a really good measure that there is a problem and that you're fixing it because you're sort of bringing the right people, people together. Patrick and Dennis what can we learn from that. I'm going to take these guys right now so I'm a little bit nervous about what they're going to say. I think massively impressive right. I think in a, in a weird way right I feel that I'm not more in my head than then sometimes on paper, because I think I internalize a lot of the ideas, but I feel that what you created here and the way you presented it is a great way to then have those conversations right you know like the next step of this is the details but the details almost there was sort themselves, you know, by just talking about it. Right. But one thing I would say that I feel that these maps. And this is where I maybe I expand them more than some time Simon words is, I view that these maps are also a great way to map your strategy right like you, you should be able to look at that map and your strategy should be almost obvious, because especially once you start tracking movement and I'm going to move this map from here to there and I'm going to move that one from there to there or this won't be possible until this happens, and maybe even show the evolution right. I think as you did in some cases right. I think it's, it's super powerful to present information like this. So yeah, amazing work Sarah. Yeah, I thought it was quite impressive. So I just wondered, you've shown the map to the CEO right. And we showed the outcome to the CEO with yeah the map was in the deck. Okay, yeah I was just wondering what was the reaction of the CEO to that and how well did the CEO to kind of take it as a kind of means to present information. It was dramatically skeptical because it was the first time they'd been anywhere near it, but that final slide where I stripped all the lines away and and showed them the points of maturity they were and he recognized that those were the nexus points in my previous diagrams. That was then, ah, that's useful. That was, that was the reaction I'm not swearing it was buying. It was, it wasn't there yet. It did. It resulted in sign off for the decision of the change of direction for spend. Did the job. Yeah, very good. Well, we didn't have any questions in the chat and I'm, I'm, I'm figuring most people are so spelled down by the presentation. They haven't remembered to go in and type. So I'm going to ask you a question if you don't mind from a previous conversation we had but something that you touched on which was culture so you're dealing with organizations with lots of different silos and those come up to come across with their individual cultures whether that's speed of movement whether that's openness to change. It never expect it's not escaped my attention that you're a lady as well. And I know that you come across this from a data sort of focus so I wanted you just to talk around being in the security privacy space and decisions that you made along the way. So really, really, I'm trying to get at the culture of cybersecurity generally and just wonder if you can, if you can touch on that in any way. Okay, I think probably the most. It's useful where I can, I can broach that is my journey I came from it desktops networks and sitting on several floors with console cables designing and hardening networks into joint responsibility injecting some ISO 27001 overlay into that kind of thing but very much it and then info second then eventually I moved into governance because I don't, I'm not going to claim this is gendered but I could see the joint points I could see that we needed to have a common language in a common set of metrics that we could bring together to a central point across different disciplines. And I could see that nobody was talking to anybody else. And I really took one for the team. I decided that because everywhere I was people were being consistently reactive and shouting about not having enough staff but never able to evidence how many they needed and why. I set myself up as a governance person when usually governance people were coming out of the IT general control space into security. I was coming out of security into the governance space. And I think I don't, again, I'm low to suggest there's a gendered element of that there but I was very focused on the users behind the data as well that's something that drove me to try and understand the impacts of what we were doing and that naturally lent itself to a conversation about wider risk as well. And that's what drove my journey. I'm also a natural diplomat. I'm a problem solver. I'm a diagnostician and I'm a diplomat. And those things lent themselves to this space as well. And seeing a bigger picture. But I had some of, sometimes that wasn't a choice, sometimes I was seen as non-technical so I was put in these places anyway so it was the sum of it was a path of least resistance too. I have this image of you going around with this very confident and informed sort of persona into all of these different domains starting fights and I just wondered how that went along and how you're emotional and mental health. Yeah, well I suppose networks is kind of the dark side of the dark side in security. So that was, that was a good starting point. Then I became security then I became risk which is the alternative dark side of the dark side. So if we are the grit in the security wheels according to many people, although that's not how I operate, if you're doing it right you're not. What I would do is I would seek evangelists because the aim was always for someone to realise it was their idea. So I would find somebody as an interim translator who spoke the language and understood the pain of the person I was trying to address if they weren't willing to empathise with my aims. So I would use them to both educate me about the pressures that the person I was communicating with, what pressure they were under and the context they were operating in and also educate the other person on my behalf. And when I knew I was walking into a really contentious meeting I used to always take what I call my starter evangelist with me. And oftentimes they were the people who had been the most vehement objectors who I could see that they hadn't got it. So I would spend enormous amounts of time empathising with where they were and bringing them with me and then using them to bridge the gap to other stakeholders in the business. Brilliant. We've got a little bit of time just for a couple of comments that have come in and a question and then we'll have to jump into dinners, although I feel we could talk about this for another hour. So for Mark Walker, Sarah, that battle scarred real world example was massively helpful to me as a newbie, especially the stripping back to communicate your key points and arrive at a plan. Thank you. I'm from James ably. That was a great talk with lots of powerful points to take away. I'll be watching that back a few times. Thank you, Sarah. And a question from Brandon malton I hope I pronounced that correctly. It's a free the speaker struck in both of your maps by the way that some items are evolving quickly and some not. So I'm going to add a few models or respond to those changes with dependent entities. I'm going to add a bit to that, which is about your methods of attack. So you showed clear sort of decision making clear movement on your map. I was just wondering around things like openness, education, what would you say your methods of attack were for solving problems. And so in your point of view, in, in a mapping context, the method for solving problems would have been one of the sub maps to this I would have had. I would have had a, I didn't do it because the, it wasn't where the engagement ended up I wasn't it wasn't within my remit but for raising awareness and embedding the race, both of which are fundamentally awareness raising parts of that map. So I would have been mapping what the maturity was in terms of understanding of the topic currently. And I would have been looking at the historical resistance to change and tolerance for education in the business. And also the senior stakeholder openness to investing adequately in that kind of awareness activity. Because all of that context would have dictated how far I could move have fast. And then you really I would have brought back all those outcomes into the map to find out. Well, which of the dependent things can I now not do because I can't move at the speed I wanted to with this with the awareness raising. I need to delve down to the next layer with all those items to find out if you have any showstoppers or blockers in terms of ability to move an appetite for movement. And then reengineer if you have to pivot if you have to. I'm taking a lot farther than I ever do. Getting into really the tactical decisions as well as the large sort of broad strategic things that you can do the low. I mean I wasn't getting into those weeds either Damien to be fair this is this is if they then asked me to do it. That's, that's what I would have been doing and I think we all do that on the hoof anyway if we find out we've hit a blockage we'll we'll just rejig to cater. Thank you Sarah. We have run out of time. You've got a couple of questions in the chat. If you wouldn't mind having a look at them and answering them. I want to move to Dennis who I know is prepared and a talk for us today as well. Dennis you want to introduce yourself in your talk. Yeah. Can you hear me okay. You're great. I think we've got an echo one of your other mics is on. Okay. Actually, let me do this. Sorry. I was just trying to see that. Okay, so I'm going to share my screen. And you should go to him you're okay. Yeah. You're great. Thanks to this. Great. So, yeah, so I'm the, I'm the CISO and CTO of glass wall, which is actually a security company. And actually sorry. And I have to say that these days I highly recommend if you're in security to also be the CTO because it's a great way to make things happen and to push security throughout the whole company. I'm a big fan of mapping. I've introduced by mapping actually by Tony Richards, which I think was on, it might still be in the presentation. And I was very privileged for Tony at the time to invite Simon to join on the open security summit that I was kind of helping to organize. And Simon has been a participant since so I was actually able to also learn from Simon, and I kind of did a lot of paradigm shifts throughout. So what I want to walk you through this presentation is my one of my views on the kind of why context is your crown rules and why you know, you need to apply context in in the mapping that you do. So I'm going to walk you through a story so I want to talk about the kind of a big epiphany that I had. And I realized that, you know, when I was looking at threat models worldly maps was one of the things that we can use to really unlock the threat model, and to really understand, you know, kind of the next steps and where to focus. So we have a glass wall proxy product which one things we're working on. Fundamentally, it's basically this the user clicks on a file from SharePoint, you know, there's a proxy that intercepts it sends to glass wall, and maybe 20 AV and glass wall basically rebuilds the file into a new file so you know, you can see the kind of the workflow, and we're building this and I'll walk you to the architecture. So basically this you know you pick the file sends to the I cap server, the adaptations, you know systems basically what it does everything because the I cap is the internet content adaptation protocol, and then we have the transactions monitoring policies. We actually this is a very good example this part here of how we commoditizing a large chunks of this of this solution I can actually say that doing worldly maps already helped us to create a much better architecture so this is for example, one of the most likely dependencies between the multiple deployment models and we already building something that will run all the way from, you know, any way you can run Kubernetes to AWS zero any cloud provider. So we minimize a lot of the dependencies and we build a quite a scalable solution. This is kind of the flow you get the file it goes to proxy hits the load balancer the I cap server, putting cues and and storage, everything gets processed in here the file get rebuilt safely and then it goes back to the user. So this is the one this is the scalable Kubernetes architecture multiple regions deployment. And then you know this is kind of the flow to actually you know make sure the whole thing you know happens at the scalable with designing this so you basically can handle, you know, dozens or hundreds of 1000 pods happening in parallel. And then you start to create a threat model to start to map the architecture map the threads, map what's going on, and put it in JIRA so this is very close to my heart this part here. This is a great. So Petra and the team worked on this. So you actually start to take the systems and you start to map out the risk the vulnerabilities the assets, etc, etc and it becomes a gigantic graph, which is kind of what it is right so if you look at table is fundamentally a graph. This is how we represent so in this case, every yellow box here is a JIRA ticket and there's a relationship between them. And then this is the threat model that we actually created, which you know if you don't write modeling you look quite familiar where you have, you know, trusted networks, you have communication flows, etc, right, flowing through. Now, this was then actually I believe doing the threat modeling tool. Now, Microsoft the threat modeling tool, but you can do it with Visio with others which is kind of what most people use or draw out. Now, the problem with this thing, right, is that most of threat models are just works of art. And I wrote this really interesting article, a while back, where I really kind of go to town on on sort of like the need to use that language, but also why something like Visio which is can be used to create diagrams like this, don't scale right and fundamentally is it takes a lot of time, they created from some as interpretation of reality they become a work of art, they can look quite beautiful but at the end of the day you know their interpretation they're not created from dynamic data which is a massive problem. The layout is pixel based which basically means that you actually need to put the things where you want them to be, you're going to be locked to a design convention is very easy to make subtraction layers. So, you know, in binary or XML format again is very hard to diff, they mix data and design in the same file, and they very hard to update, and they know an actual representation of reality, and they're not used every day right and they usually not maps, but most days they never a map. This is almost the reason why very few teams have up to date documentations, and also why a threat model, you know, even after a while becomes out of date because it doesn't reflect the changes when the design of the changes in coding right so I kind of think that. So, first of all, the first thing you need to do is you need to move a threat model to a plan to ML. And this is the big also one of the people needs to have with maps is that, you know, you can do maps on paper when works well. But if you really want to scale maps you need to start with graphs, right, you need to really start with graphs you need to start with something like this so this is the variation of that same diagram where you could see the request goes from the user to the proxy, you know, by the proxy hits the icon server puts on the proxy that starts the pod, the pod takes the file from the store then writes events and puts the result here puts it and then you know there's this concept of non compliant file service which can I be on interpretation or third party, and then the administrative cluster so you could see here three different clusters already working together, you know, we commoditize you know that productizing that that concept. Now you can see here right you can, the power of these you can actually write text, and it becomes like this so this eventually this should even be done programmatically, but this is already much easier to maintain much easy to diff. And, and although I don't control the actual design, it already gives you a good sense of what's happening. So, the next step is to create a version where you actually, you know, create you know this is kind of left to right this is more of a top down, having an anchor at the top and you can see the same sequence of events from the website which is the target environment to the user. Now, the problem with this and I find one thing so this is again this is how you write it, and you can see that that this creates that you know that. Now, the question is either threat modeling a map. Right. So if we look at Simon was definition of a map which I think is great is, is a visual context position anchor movement and components so you could say it's visual yes, has a bit of context, kind of yes, position in no there's no position if I move this one over here. And, and I move, you know, another elements over there, you know, it doesn't have the anchor just about have one not really sure you kind of, you know, it's easy when you go top to bottom, but you could probably argue that has a bit of an anchor at the top, but there's no movement again there's no, there's, you know, you can not it's hard to now apply because position doesn't matter. It's hard to say if I move this over there if I move that, and then he has components, but it's definitely not a map. So, let's make position matter. So if we take the original designer we make you like this so let's say level one two three and four, where, you know we went from this one and left to the one on the right, you could see that now position matter now if I move the proxy I cap to level one, or share point three, now that will mean something the question is, what does level one two and three and four actually mean. Right, so let's look at a really cool example, and actually actually before look at that. The one of the things you could also do with this. And this is probably the first question that you can answer with the map very, especially with the more traditional worldly map is, what do you build, what do you buy, what do you outsource right so if I have something that looks like this, right, which one do I do it right you know there is, you know, I do I do this one but I do that one I do that one you know this is where there's that funny slide from from Simon where you know, you can do it in Elvis right or you can do it clean on right, you know which one do I do right, you know, at this level you don't have enough context, but if I told you that, you know, for example, from the maturity of the individual components, this is what they look like, right, then it becomes easy to understand what I should do, outsource what I should buy, and what I should build. So you can see here now I moved into the commodity things that just happens the stuff that today there's a product, a product that we're using open source or not. And then you know the bits that at the moment there's no product to actually do it where in these cases the ones that we actually doing coding. And that's very powerful because what you want to see when you do development is that you don't want to, for example, spend time developing cues or data stores, when there's already a good product in the market for it. So, you know, if I if I look at where where the teams are working on, I would actually expect to see the main development to occur here on the left, nothing here on the right, right. So that's kind of the more traditional. Let's look at security. Here's a cool example right. If I look at this again now which which bits handle confidential data which ones I should care about. Now, here is a better view so now this is a view that says, every one of these boxes will touch in this case the file from SharePoint. And this matters, because I now need to know that I need to apply, you know, for example, the stuff that Sarah was talking about, you know, to every one of these boxes. It's important to now be able to understand that, you know, you know, we need to protect it. But the other thing that we also make here a big jump is we saying that the logging data has no confidential data. That's a massive jump, where now we have something even from a security point of view that we want to make sure that is correct. We want to make sure that, okay, the assumption here is that the logging and the stuff that takes logings has no confidential data which you know, it takes a lot of work, but reduces the attack surface. Now, let me just fast last example. I really like this one from a security point of view, which is, you know, when you're applying security again you look at this is where should I put my security efforts, where should I make sure that I can actually, you know, be strategic on how I apply risk decisions. So here's a view where I'm going to show you how fast can you patch each of the solutions. So the logic here is that, for example, in this case you can patch let's say the source code doesn't exist. You know, you're using a binary, you know, you cannot actually put a patch on this one. This one will take weeks to patch, right at best case, this might take days, this might take hours. Now what's interesting about this is that suddenly you get a sense of what you need to protect. You can also get a sense of risk. So if this was reality in this case it's not I just made it up. But if this was reality, that rebuild store is a massive risk, right. Why is that store difference then for example, that store right or that store right so basically, you know, we need to understand but also why is it taking me weeks to patch for example this, you know, is it because maybe the timeline is not mature enough. Maybe, you know, it's something more and more custom so it becomes very interesting to understand, you know, maybe SharePoint, you know, depends on Microsoft to push the fix right the proxy I cap actually depends on the appliance. So there's a bunch of stuff that you can move here with better automation and better processes but others that you can't. So you then need to understand, even when you're doing a security incident or when you're mapping your security practices, where do you actually focus. So these are found sometimes that we do in security, and this is where it goes back to the whole thing context matters. Sometimes you find that when you look at this, or when you look at, you know, maybe the original mappings, you know where you have that the security teams tend to work where you actually have a lot of traction. So if you go back to the design, the security teams tend to work in places where you actually have a lot of a lot of, you know, traction, you know, basically, you can make changes, people respond to it and again if you go back to the reason design, I don't have context to make that decision and you can compare now this this map here on on the right especially where I'm highlighted with the mouse with this one, you could see that the last one I have context to know where I should focus. The interesting angle here is you might find that because you can push a security fix in hours to this ones. Ironically, this might not be your highest risk, because the other question you to ask is how much damage can be done in hours or days or weeks. So you can find out what you think a lower risk system versus let's say the ICAP or the other some service, but the reality is this one if he gets exploited we can fix it very fast. If the original store get exploited, we're going to take weeks to patch right So this is where you know context really matters and and and with maps, you can really start to understand this and by the way, you know this is a worldly map but just you know, I just put the things at the top, because I plan to ML, which what I was using, and also my view of this is that this is, you know, you want to create this programmatically and eventually this should be created actually from code. And thank you. That was my presentation. Wow, Dennis. And could you go back to the hallway and just start again. You took us through so much. That was really, really good. Thank you. Can you hear me okay Dennis. Hello. So, hi there. Sorry. Can you hear me okay. Okay. So, good stuff. I was saying thank you. That was really that was bewildering that was really super fast and as I was writing down questions. And by the time I got halfway through and looked up at the presentation. I was now wondering about the relevance of my question again but really, really good stuff so we were talking about in the last talk we're talking about axes determining what to measure how that seems like a huge part of what you do when you're mapping. So, really thinking about the context and really framing it right. Interesting part to me was when you started sort of creating your own bottlenecks is as to, I think we were looking at, you know, which things are easier to patch. And so I was wondering, when you start going to that second level that Sarah was going to where you start doing some maps of specific components, you start finding basically commonalities new patterns as to the reason why something was slow to patch. Yeah, so the thing about maps and this is this is an area that I don't think we've done enough work. You know, as a community is that we need a scale of a way that you can do maps within maps within maps right the bottom line is that every dot in the map should be a map in itself, right because there should be a reason why that dot is there and that fundamentally is a map. Right. So, so I think when you look at that, you know, the reality, you know, the answer is yes right you have patterns because fundamentally you, you also, you know, there's a reason why I say this takes a week and that takes a day. Right. And, and actually the reason why they take a week versus a day because there's going to be attrition there's going to be something in there that prevents you from going super fast because clearly when you have compliance as code when you have full CICD pipelines when you have full automation, you can patch very quickly. Right. The problem is, in most software development environments, you know, especially with multiple parts, you find that there's a lot of attrition and and this sometimes what I realized was this the there's a interesting angles where you can have something that looks like a commodity or a product from the user point of view that below is a massive shit show right that below is like, you know, there's all sorts of stuff you know lots of lots of things that were barely done lots of pioneer stuff that to think about never actually evolved, you know, and still the original code is still the original practices is still the original, you know, behaviors that because you apply almost like a veneer on front of it that looks very professional looks very good looks very nice. Right. It's, you know, you get away with it right and I and that what I like about maps is again maps, just like security right the nice thing of when you do a threat model is that you can go deep right so for me the big epiphany was that basically if you apply worldly maps to a threat model. Now you have context. Now you can make decisions now you can, you know, those dots and those lines in your threat models, which is basically how the system works. Make a lot more sense. And then you can, you can drive a almost like a question or a story. Right and that's kind of my view on this you have to start with a story that you want to tell. And then the maps you know where you help you to visualize and to understand that story that you want to say. Yeah, it starts with the domain knowledge that can then give you the situation awareness as in you can't have the situation awareness if you don't know the domain. Interesting. So I work in enterprise software sales and they're all about the concept of lipstick on a pig. What I, yeah, what I would say is that that explains also that phenomenon where you see something that is sort of a high level component, suddenly move from a commodity to the left side and you realize it's usually some some component that is dramatically changed the way things that operate. So something that effectively looks like a commodity becomes an innovation, not because of what it is in itself but because of a sub component that has changed on me. So one of the things that you know, and this again I have some debates with some of the guys from the world in my community is my view on the evolution is that you know and this is this is a very cool concept right if you take a particular element that you could say is a product today right when you start using that product is in your world is a Genesis because you don't know how to use it right you you could say that easy to is a commodity that's great but if you never use the C2 for from your point of view or for your team point of view is is a Genesis the only difference is that the more to the right that component is the less attrition you will have. So the bottom line is that, you know, if you don't have something like you see to, and it's still a product or you know require somebody to build those things, then although you still start on Genesis you will hit that that barrier much sooner than if you see to. But the reality is that, you know, every time you start something is always Genesis and then there's the evolution the question is, how fast can you go and how fast to make your games, you know, operate, you know, and driving change and visualizing like this becomes really hard. Yeah, I just saw the comment from Ken 3D map yeah I think there's a lot of actually potential of creating 3D visualizations and multiple dimensions right of maps, right because, you know, when you when you look at, you know, especially maps within maps. I think there's a lot of power of really understanding you know those interconnections between the systems. Yeah, there's a technical question from Josh share blackbound to think of, you know, it's a correct pronunciation for the patching or data classification examples, was there also a vertical position significance. And by the way, I'm just going to keep the relevance of just the last few questions in chat. No, in this case, the vertical is just a sequence of events is just the, it's just, you know, these leads to this is almost like the data flow of, if, in fact, of this in fact, a really cool map I created once was a map that actually had two anchors, one at the top one at the bottom, and I found that going from the top back to the top creates problems in certain workflows. So I ended up creating a map that starts, in fact, you know, as you can see on that one right that the map starts with the file on SharePoint and ends in the user, right. So the interesting is that the maturity of those could actually not be, you know, might be different. But so I quite like the maps that have the tell you a story. You know, this needs this or this does this does this does that on or what the needs. And then, then you move it to the evolution so it's basically the axis of almost data or packets or sequence of events and evolution. And if you that there was, there was an impact of top to bottom it wasn't 100% consistent because there's any summary room on the screen that you can put stuff in. But it was how visible it is to the CEO, in my example is the user, the stuff that wasn't as visible as it should be where I indicated it should be moving up the stack to be far more prominent and the stuff that naturally, they don't need to know how they just want to know what the outcomes are. I think you get that kind of by default right once you have this uses this uses this uses this, then, then you actually have, you know, that evolution right. In fact, what I would love to do, which we're going to try to do in a project in fact in this project and by the way the project we I just showed is it's all open source. Right. And, and I think it was just a question about, you know, some examples in plan to ML and creative Commons. So we're going to publish that so that's going to be on the one in the glass wall repos, or pink pink me pink Petra for the links on that one. But I really like the idea that we're going to try to create these maps that actually starts almost based on a C for model if you've seen where it talks about context components containers and then code. So there's a there's a really cool concept that I want to explore which is, you actually programmatically create the map so you can go all the way from the high level components and then you start to zoom in, you go all the way to the actual source code, because the source code, at least the main source code, you should also be able to map it out right you should be able there has to be a deep in fact Petra for example needs that right so Petra needs a map that tells her for example, of those components, which ones need to review. Right, in fact, once you go down a photo level down, you know Petra steam doesn't scale to review every single poor request. Right. You know, no security team can do that right. So you could say, he are the parts of the code. He are the parts of the application that I want to make sure that ironically we introduce an attrition into it. We want to say, this is the ones that I care about. The other ones for example can go to production as fast as we can. Right. It's not because you can automate that you should automate everything right because from a security point of view, you know if you automate everything, it means that you can push a vulnerability to production within hours you know, not a good thing. So, so I think these maps, especially as you get more granularity will give us a lot of situation awareness, especially and from a security point of view, allow us to make sure that we maximize the investments of what we do in security and how we really understand right, you know and the data classification Sarah was a good example right that that map is not complete but it was interesting that in our design, we actually limited which boxes actually have confidential data by design right and that was a limitation that we introduced into the system, so that we can then put the requirement to say, we don't care about that that that and that right of course you know pentest has to validate it, we make sure the code reviews validated, but it's a good example of almost saying, you know I know I want these guys, for example, not to be toxic right I want, you know, non confidential data there and you can also be around you can say, actually I want more of my data to be public versus confidential right depends. That's a good example of is not really evolution is more, you know, a spectrum between and I even done from critical to low right vulnerabilities you know, I view that as a spectrum of things. Brilliant and I'll have to close the room that I'm dealing at the moment with a customer who is asking that broad question, we like this open data idea. What should we be sharing should we just go open first and no no no no. Let's let's map everything and let's use the mapping process to actually determine how valuable everything is and really how you should deal with it appropriately. Thanks so much. The thing I would say is, if you can, the more you open the easier it gets right so that there is the problem with especially confidentiality. There's a mode by if you're not careful. Everything becomes a secret everything becomes confidential because nobody wants to to take the view or to make the call right. So I would say the model that is quite good is that you try to reduce to the limit what's confidential and that actually means you know what to protect. Right so that's why I like open as an open source, because I actually use it as a security strategy. My view is that the less secrets, you know, the exists, the less you have to worry about protecting them. Because business have a different definition of what they consider secret or confidential or proprietary or there's a mowing risk people basically want to put in a grit into every single system. No, no, no, no, no risk. What allows you to go fast right so risk when used correctly, right, is, you know, is one of the biggest assets that you have in a company, right. If you look at FinTech versus traditional banks, one of the reasons that the FinTech has innovated is because they take a different view of risk. Right. So if you look at most organizations I actually think that, you know, risk, you know when you use correctly will give you a huge amount of speed, you know, just like breaks in cars, just like security features in cars risk, risk mappings and risk classification awareness allows you to make good calls. Right. And that's super critical right, you know, because the fundamentally each business needs to define their risk appetite, and there's a balance between what's ethical, what makes sense. I would see in context. Absolutely in context. Exactly. But, but that's a it's a risk, a business decision right and that's where again I like openness because fundamentally, all the players should understand the risk framework that you're using within that project. Most scandals or most problems occur when there's an asymmetry of information right when somebody thinks that you're doing something with a person level security not or you should care about this and you don't. But I think there's, there's a lot of value of saying, here's my risk appetite. Here's why I accept. Here's why I don't accept. So that means that within the risk appetite the company can do, you know, what you know, much as that. Beyond that, you don't want to allow the company or the other teams to do to operate above the risk appetite of the company, or the organization right. So, to all the speakers. And I think this will be a theme throughout the day. Your slides and any other sort of supportive content that you might have out there. I don't know what the correct forum is but yeah if you could just let everybody know whether or not your slides are available I think in this you've got some specific asks for plan to email source. So, I think I ask you just figure out where to put it because I think you know, I think most of our slides are we were going to share it right so the question is just where we put it. So maybe, you know, pink Simon and I don't know what the plan is, who do we send it to. No problem. We'll find that out and I'll make sure we communicate that to everybody where slides will be available. And I'm a student. I'm going to put a slide share too. Yeah, well, yeah, I'm going to put a slide share but I think it's for the attendees is going to be good to put it there. So everybody there is a chat room. I'm in the presenters version of this platform. Although I've seen the room that you will see there is a chat room. We're all being sort of encouraged to spend the time between talks within that. So, we're going to open any longer so that we have complaints from Simon about people not attending the chat room. But I really thank you to our speakers thanks to everybody for attending. I've had three really, really great starts, as far as really interesting talks. I've all gone quite different directions in terms of looking at the overall theme of cybersecurity. I'm hoping everybody learned as much as me and has many sort of as many additional questions. So please go along to the to the general chat room, and then we'll see you in the next round of talks. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye, everyone.", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 6.76, 'text': ' Welcome all and thanks to the first session today of Mapcam.', 'tokens': [50364, 4027, 439, 293, 3231, 281, 264, 700, 5481, 965, 295, 22053, 14177, 13, 50702], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 6.76, 'end': 14.08, 'text': " Today we're going to be talking about cybersecurity and why context is your crown jewels.", 'tokens': [50702, 2692, 321, 434, 516, 281, 312, 1417, 466, 38765, 293, 983, 4319, 307, 428, 11841, 43256, 13, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 14.08, 'end': 15.84, 'text': ' I struggle with that sentence.', 'tokens': [51068, 286, 7799, 365, 300, 8174, 13, 51156], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 0, 'start': 15.84, 'end': 17.72, 'text': ' Why context is your crown jewels?', 'tokens': [51156, 1545, 4319, 307, 428, 11841, 43256, 30, 51250], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 0, 'start': 17.72, 'end': 20.2, 'text': " And I've got Petro Vuknyrovich.", 'tokens': [51250, 400, 286, 600, 658, 10472, 340, 691, 2034, 1634, 24088, 480, 13, 51374], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 0, 'start': 20.2, 'end': 22.76, 'text': ' Is that correct, Petro?', 'tokens': [51374, 1119, 300, 3006, 11, 10472, 340, 30, 51502], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 0, 'start': 22.76, 'end': 25.28, 'text': ' I practiced that and got it right the first time.', 'tokens': [51502, 286, 19268, 300, 293, 658, 309, 558, 264, 700, 565, 13, 51628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4013369270924772, 'compression_ratio': 1.558252427184466, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178585052490234}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 2528, 'start': 26.28, 'end': 30.68, 'text': " So Petro, why don't you introduce yourself and let's dive in and start going.", 'tokens': [50414, 407, 10472, 340, 11, 983, 500, 380, 291, 5366, 1803, 293, 718, 311, 9192, 294, 293, 722, 516, 13, 50634], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.279899533589681, 'compression_ratio': 1.554585152838428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0053331926465034485}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 2528, 'start': 30.68, 'end': 38.08, 'text': " I've got a few people who clearly are excited and ready to go complaining there's no talk happening.", 'tokens': [50634, 286, 600, 658, 257, 1326, 561, 567, 4448, 366, 2919, 293, 1919, 281, 352, 20740, 456, 311, 572, 751, 2737, 13, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.279899533589681, 'compression_ratio': 1.554585152838428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0053331926465034485}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 2528, 'start': 38.08, 'end': 41.84, 'text': ' Okay, so hello. Good morning everyone. Happy Tuesday.', 'tokens': [51004, 1033, 11, 370, 7751, 13, 2205, 2446, 1518, 13, 8277, 10017, 13, 51192], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.279899533589681, 'compression_ratio': 1.554585152838428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0053331926465034485}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 2528, 'start': 41.84, 'end': 51.16, 'text': " I'm just going to show my screen now and start my presentation and then I can introduce myself as well.", 'tokens': [51192, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 855, 452, 2568, 586, 293, 722, 452, 5860, 293, 550, 286, 393, 5366, 2059, 382, 731, 13, 51658], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.279899533589681, 'compression_ratio': 1.554585152838428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0053331926465034485}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 2528, 'start': 51.16, 'end': 53.16, 'text': ' Give me one second.', 'tokens': [51658, 5303, 385, 472, 1150, 13, 51758], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.279899533589681, 'compression_ratio': 1.554585152838428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0053331926465034485}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 5528, 'start': 55.28, 'end': 62.28, 'text': ' And there we go.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 456, 321, 352, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2396099605257549, 'compression_ratio': 1.3525641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001419165637344122}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 5528, 'start': 62.28, 'end': 72.28, 'text': " So hello, I am Petro Vuknyrovich and I'm here to give you a talk on why context is your crown jewels", 'tokens': [50714, 407, 7751, 11, 286, 669, 10472, 340, 691, 2034, 1634, 24088, 480, 293, 286, 478, 510, 281, 976, 291, 257, 751, 322, 983, 4319, 307, 428, 11841, 43256, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2396099605257549, 'compression_ratio': 1.3525641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001419165637344122}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 5528, 'start': 72.28, 'end': 78.28, 'text': ' with my little twist of basically getting to know your sharks.', 'tokens': [51214, 365, 452, 707, 8203, 295, 1936, 1242, 281, 458, 428, 26312, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2396099605257549, 'compression_ratio': 1.3525641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001419165637344122}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 5528, 'start': 78.28, 'end': 82.28, 'text': ' So just a little bit about me.', 'tokens': [51514, 407, 445, 257, 707, 857, 466, 385, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2396099605257549, 'compression_ratio': 1.3525641025641026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001419165637344122}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 8228, 'start': 82.28, 'end': 86.28, 'text': ' I am by background and emergency medicine doctor.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 669, 538, 3678, 293, 7473, 7195, 4631, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1940456170302171, 'compression_ratio': 1.4657534246575343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011535129509866238}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 8228, 'start': 86.28, 'end': 98.28, 'text': ' I was also on the COVID front line in March recently, but as of recent most importantly, I am the cybersecurity engineer in Glasgow.', 'tokens': [50564, 286, 390, 611, 322, 264, 4566, 1868, 1622, 294, 6129, 3938, 11, 457, 382, 295, 5162, 881, 8906, 11, 286, 669, 264, 38765, 11403, 294, 40457, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1940456170302171, 'compression_ratio': 1.4657534246575343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011535129509866238}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 8228, 'start': 98.28, 'end': 104.28, 'text': ' So that might come as a surprise to many people.', 'tokens': [51164, 407, 300, 1062, 808, 382, 257, 6365, 281, 867, 561, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1940456170302171, 'compression_ratio': 1.4657534246575343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011535129509866238}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 8228, 'start': 104.28, 'end': 110.28, 'text': ' But I just want to say how well one of the things was with a little help from my friends.', 'tokens': [51464, 583, 286, 445, 528, 281, 584, 577, 731, 472, 295, 264, 721, 390, 365, 257, 707, 854, 490, 452, 1855, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1940456170302171, 'compression_ratio': 1.4657534246575343, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011535129509866238}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 11028, 'start': 110.28, 'end': 113.28, 'text': ' And that is worldly maps.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 307, 40397, 11317, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14462434869063528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6533333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04443780705332756}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 11028, 'start': 113.28, 'end': 125.28, 'text': ' Basically for my interview as part of the job application in Glasgow, I had to do a worldly map, which kind of sealed the deal and held me a job, which is great.', 'tokens': [50514, 8537, 337, 452, 4049, 382, 644, 295, 264, 1691, 3861, 294, 40457, 11, 286, 632, 281, 360, 257, 40397, 4471, 11, 597, 733, 295, 21514, 264, 2028, 293, 5167, 385, 257, 1691, 11, 597, 307, 869, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14462434869063528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6533333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04443780705332756}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 11028, 'start': 125.28, 'end': 131.28, 'text': ' I then had to also show that worldly map in front of the whole company, which was quite fun too.', 'tokens': [51114, 286, 550, 632, 281, 611, 855, 300, 40397, 4471, 294, 1868, 295, 264, 1379, 2237, 11, 597, 390, 1596, 1019, 886, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14462434869063528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6533333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04443780705332756}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 11028, 'start': 131.28, 'end': 139.28, 'text': " But yeah, there we go. Worldly maps kind of painting the path towards people's careers.", 'tokens': [51414, 583, 1338, 11, 456, 321, 352, 13, 3937, 356, 11317, 733, 295, 5370, 264, 3100, 3030, 561, 311, 16409, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14462434869063528, 'compression_ratio': 1.6533333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04443780705332756}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 13928, 'start': 139.28, 'end': 146.28, 'text': ' And of course, it took me a lot of hard work and determination to change my career.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 295, 1164, 11, 309, 1890, 385, 257, 688, 295, 1152, 589, 293, 18432, 281, 1319, 452, 3988, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13597550988197327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5761316872427984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007047066930681467}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 13928, 'start': 146.28, 'end': 158.28, 'text': " So again, a little bit about me, just all the stuff that I'm doing right now. So emergency medicine, a master's student information security, and I'm also an athlete.", 'tokens': [50714, 407, 797, 11, 257, 707, 857, 466, 385, 11, 445, 439, 264, 1507, 300, 286, 478, 884, 558, 586, 13, 407, 7473, 7195, 11, 257, 4505, 311, 3107, 1589, 3825, 11, 293, 286, 478, 611, 364, 18002, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13597550988197327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5761316872427984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007047066930681467}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 13928, 'start': 158.28, 'end': 164.28, 'text': ' So I can bring you some insight from different angles to this talk as well.', 'tokens': [51314, 407, 286, 393, 1565, 291, 512, 11269, 490, 819, 14708, 281, 341, 751, 382, 731, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13597550988197327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5761316872427984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007047066930681467}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 13928, 'start': 164.28, 'end': 168.28, 'text': ' So just a little joke and check humans and web apps too.', 'tokens': [51614, 407, 445, 257, 707, 7647, 293, 1520, 6255, 293, 3670, 7733, 886, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13597550988197327, 'compression_ratio': 1.5761316872427984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007047066930681467}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 16828, 'start': 168.28, 'end': 176.28, 'text': " This is actually the first worldly map that sealed me the interview, but I'm not here to talk about that today.", 'tokens': [50364, 639, 307, 767, 264, 700, 40397, 4471, 300, 21514, 385, 264, 4049, 11, 457, 286, 478, 406, 510, 281, 751, 466, 300, 965, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18817543078072463, 'compression_ratio': 1.5507246376811594, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020306408405303955}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 16828, 'start': 176.28, 'end': 194.28, 'text': " Right, so why do we need to know the context, right? So basically, if we're thrown into an ocean, as you see on the picture here, it's really actually important to know the waters that were swimming in, right?", 'tokens': [50764, 1779, 11, 370, 983, 360, 321, 643, 281, 458, 264, 4319, 11, 558, 30, 407, 1936, 11, 498, 321, 434, 11732, 666, 364, 7810, 11, 382, 291, 536, 322, 264, 3036, 510, 11, 309, 311, 534, 767, 1021, 281, 458, 264, 12975, 300, 645, 11989, 294, 11, 558, 30, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18817543078072463, 'compression_ratio': 1.5507246376811594, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020306408405303955}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 19428, 'start': 194.28, 'end': 200.28, 'text': " You know, it's, it's valid to know are we swimming with sharks or swimming with dolphins.", 'tokens': [50364, 509, 458, 11, 309, 311, 11, 309, 311, 7363, 281, 458, 366, 321, 11989, 365, 26312, 420, 11989, 365, 44835, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13477002420733053, 'compression_ratio': 1.7031963470319635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025813540443778038}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 19428, 'start': 200.28, 'end': 209.28, 'text': " It's also worth knowing where the land on the horizon is, like is it east north south, so where are we going to swim towards to to save ourselves.", 'tokens': [50664, 467, 311, 611, 3163, 5276, 689, 264, 2117, 322, 264, 18046, 307, 11, 411, 307, 309, 10648, 6830, 7377, 11, 370, 689, 366, 321, 516, 281, 7110, 3030, 281, 281, 3155, 4175, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13477002420733053, 'compression_ratio': 1.7031963470319635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025813540443778038}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 19428, 'start': 209.28, 'end': 219.28, 'text': ' And then, once we know our context, then we can actually figure out what we need to kind of, you know, save ourselves in this situation.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 550, 11, 1564, 321, 458, 527, 4319, 11, 550, 321, 393, 767, 2573, 484, 437, 321, 643, 281, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3155, 4175, 294, 341, 2590, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13477002420733053, 'compression_ratio': 1.7031963470319635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025813540443778038}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 21928, 'start': 219.28, 'end': 226.28, 'text': " So if we have sharks swimming around us, obviously we don't want to be on paddleboards like these two guys. We want a proper boat, right?", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 321, 362, 26312, 11989, 926, 505, 11, 2745, 321, 500, 380, 528, 281, 312, 322, 31834, 17228, 411, 613, 732, 1074, 13, 492, 528, 257, 2296, 6582, 11, 558, 30, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15855813313679523, 'compression_ratio': 1.4930875576036866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05018559470772743}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 21928, 'start': 226.28, 'end': 233.28, 'text': " But if we got dolphins and the land is quite near, we're going to be actually quite happy, paddling away.", 'tokens': [50714, 583, 498, 321, 658, 44835, 293, 264, 2117, 307, 1596, 2651, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 312, 767, 1596, 2055, 11, 6887, 35543, 1314, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15855813313679523, 'compression_ratio': 1.4930875576036866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05018559470772743}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 21928, 'start': 233.28, 'end': 239.28, 'text': " So, that's just a little bit about how context can kind of change the situation.", 'tokens': [51064, 407, 11, 300, 311, 445, 257, 707, 857, 466, 577, 4319, 393, 733, 295, 1319, 264, 2590, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15855813313679523, 'compression_ratio': 1.4930875576036866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05018559470772743}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 23928, 'start': 239.28, 'end': 250.28, 'text': " Also context is not important, obviously, only cybersecurity, it's actually something that's embedded. The importance of context is embedded in many professions.", 'tokens': [50364, 2743, 4319, 307, 406, 1021, 11, 2745, 11, 787, 38765, 11, 309, 311, 767, 746, 300, 311, 16741, 13, 440, 7379, 295, 4319, 307, 16741, 294, 867, 38129, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12112686957842038, 'compression_ratio': 1.7727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2100786566734314}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 23928, 'start': 250.28, 'end': 255.28, 'text': ' One of the professions is my previous profession and that will be emergency medicine.', 'tokens': [50914, 1485, 295, 264, 38129, 307, 452, 3894, 7032, 293, 300, 486, 312, 7473, 7195, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12112686957842038, 'compression_ratio': 1.7727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2100786566734314}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 23928, 'start': 255.28, 'end': 265.28, 'text': " Also, it's important aviation, which actually, you know, a lot of simulations in regards to aviation and emergency medicine come hand to hand.", 'tokens': [51164, 2743, 11, 309, 311, 1021, 28831, 11, 597, 767, 11, 291, 458, 11, 257, 688, 295, 35138, 294, 14258, 281, 28831, 293, 7473, 7195, 808, 1011, 281, 1011, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12112686957842038, 'compression_ratio': 1.7727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2100786566734314}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 26528, 'start': 265.28, 'end': 271.28, 'text': ' And people actually, you know, simulate situations where they practice context.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 561, 767, 11, 291, 458, 11, 27817, 6851, 689, 436, 3124, 4319, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10750718434651693, 'compression_ratio': 1.5857142857142856, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00652696006000042}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 26528, 'start': 271.28, 'end': 275.28, 'text': " So, as I said, it's trained extensively.", 'tokens': [50664, 407, 11, 382, 286, 848, 11, 309, 311, 8895, 32636, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10750718434651693, 'compression_ratio': 1.5857142857142856, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00652696006000042}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 26528, 'start': 275.28, 'end': 292.28, 'text': " But, you know, the good thing about cybersecurity is that you can do simulations in many ways and it's much easier than doing them in aviation or medicine and actually worldly maps can be some sort of simulation.", 'tokens': [50864, 583, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 665, 551, 466, 38765, 307, 300, 291, 393, 360, 35138, 294, 867, 2098, 293, 309, 311, 709, 3571, 813, 884, 552, 294, 28831, 420, 7195, 293, 767, 40397, 11317, 393, 312, 512, 1333, 295, 16575, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10750718434651693, 'compression_ratio': 1.5857142857142856, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00652696006000042}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 29228, 'start': 292.28, 'end': 300.28, 'text': " It's actually a theoretical simulation and then it replicates your context and it replicates the climate that your business is in.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 767, 257, 20864, 16575, 293, 550, 309, 3248, 299, 1024, 428, 4319, 293, 309, 3248, 299, 1024, 264, 5659, 300, 428, 1606, 307, 294, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09605833617123691, 'compression_ratio': 1.5700934579439252, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004417555406689644}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 29228, 'start': 300.28, 'end': 304.28, 'text': ' So, that way helps you form a strategy.', 'tokens': [50764, 407, 11, 300, 636, 3665, 291, 1254, 257, 5206, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09605833617123691, 'compression_ratio': 1.5700934579439252, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004417555406689644}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 29228, 'start': 304.28, 'end': 307.28, 'text': ' So just think about that for a bit.', 'tokens': [50964, 407, 445, 519, 466, 300, 337, 257, 857, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09605833617123691, 'compression_ratio': 1.5700934579439252, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004417555406689644}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 29228, 'start': 307.28, 'end': 315.28, 'text': " Okay, so I'm going to present you now a map that I made for this.", 'tokens': [51114, 1033, 11, 370, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1974, 291, 586, 257, 4471, 300, 286, 1027, 337, 341, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09605833617123691, 'compression_ratio': 1.5700934579439252, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004417555406689644}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 29228, 'start': 315.28, 'end': 320.28, 'text': ' A lot of times in cybersecurity, we talk about vulnerabilities.', 'tokens': [51514, 316, 688, 295, 1413, 294, 38765, 11, 321, 751, 466, 37633, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09605833617123691, 'compression_ratio': 1.5700934579439252, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004417555406689644}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 32028, 'start': 320.28, 'end': 326.28, 'text': " We don't get very focused on those because they keep popping up all the time.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 500, 380, 483, 588, 5178, 322, 729, 570, 436, 1066, 18374, 493, 439, 264, 565, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12678265064320665, 'compression_ratio': 1.6475409836065573, 'no_speech_prob': 0.052001699805259705}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 32028, 'start': 326.28, 'end': 330.28, 'text': ' We use a lot of dependencies in our softwares.', 'tokens': [50664, 492, 764, 257, 688, 295, 36606, 294, 527, 2787, 4151, 495, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12678265064320665, 'compression_ratio': 1.6475409836065573, 'no_speech_prob': 0.052001699805259705}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 32028, 'start': 330.28, 'end': 334.28, 'text': ' These dependencies need upgrading, they become vulnerable quite often.', 'tokens': [50864, 1981, 36606, 643, 36249, 11, 436, 1813, 10955, 1596, 2049, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12678265064320665, 'compression_ratio': 1.6475409836065573, 'no_speech_prob': 0.052001699805259705}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 32028, 'start': 334.28, 'end': 345.28, 'text': ' And then it becomes even at a lot of points for a cybersecurity engineer or an analyst very overwhelming to see, you know, how are we going to approach the vulnerability management.', 'tokens': [51064, 400, 550, 309, 3643, 754, 412, 257, 688, 295, 2793, 337, 257, 38765, 11403, 420, 364, 19085, 588, 13373, 281, 536, 11, 291, 458, 11, 577, 366, 321, 516, 281, 3109, 264, 24210, 4592, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12678265064320665, 'compression_ratio': 1.6475409836065573, 'no_speech_prob': 0.052001699805259705}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 32028, 'start': 345.28, 'end': 347.28, 'text': ' We have a lot of scores.', 'tokens': [51614, 492, 362, 257, 688, 295, 13444, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12678265064320665, 'compression_ratio': 1.6475409836065573, 'no_speech_prob': 0.052001699805259705}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 34728, 'start': 347.28, 'end': 350.28, 'text': ' We have a lot of approaches.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 362, 257, 688, 295, 11587, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11283846537272135, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024340610951185226}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 34728, 'start': 350.28, 'end': 353.28, 'text': " But it's never a straightforward thing.", 'tokens': [50514, 583, 309, 311, 1128, 257, 15325, 551, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11283846537272135, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024340610951185226}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 34728, 'start': 353.28, 'end': 355.28, 'text': " It's never black and white.", 'tokens': [50664, 467, 311, 1128, 2211, 293, 2418, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11283846537272135, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024340610951185226}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 34728, 'start': 355.28, 'end': 367.28, 'text': " So, we can actually also kind of think about the context of these vulnerabilities are in and we can use worldly maps to help us guide the way to see how we're going to manage those.", 'tokens': [50764, 407, 11, 321, 393, 767, 611, 733, 295, 519, 466, 264, 4319, 295, 613, 37633, 366, 294, 293, 321, 393, 764, 40397, 11317, 281, 854, 505, 5934, 264, 636, 281, 536, 577, 321, 434, 516, 281, 3067, 729, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11283846537272135, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024340610951185226}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 34728, 'start': 367.28, 'end': 368.28, 'text': ' Right.', 'tokens': [51364, 1779, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11283846537272135, 'compression_ratio': 1.484375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024340610951185226}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 36828, 'start': 368.28, 'end': 381.28, 'text': " So, one thing that I've started doing this summer is trying to think of a reverse worldly map methodology, because in mobile maps we always use the users as an anchor.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 472, 551, 300, 286, 600, 1409, 884, 341, 4266, 307, 1382, 281, 519, 295, 257, 9943, 40397, 4471, 24850, 11, 570, 294, 6013, 11317, 321, 1009, 764, 264, 5022, 382, 364, 18487, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1662606491762049, 'compression_ratio': 1.5463917525773196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006880301050841808}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 36828, 'start': 381.28, 'end': 391.28, 'text': ' But you know, in cybersecurity, sometimes things are different. Sometimes we just have to think like an attacker, not like our user.', 'tokens': [51014, 583, 291, 458, 11, 294, 38765, 11, 2171, 721, 366, 819, 13, 4803, 321, 445, 362, 281, 519, 411, 364, 35871, 11, 406, 411, 527, 4195, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1662606491762049, 'compression_ratio': 1.5463917525773196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006880301050841808}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 39128, 'start': 391.28, 'end': 398.28, 'text': ' We just, you know, quite often we do that in cybersecurity. So why not implement that into a worldly map.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 445, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1596, 2049, 321, 360, 300, 294, 38765, 13, 407, 983, 406, 4445, 300, 666, 257, 40397, 4471, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09956856284822736, 'compression_ratio': 1.7171314741035857, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019996482878923416}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 39128, 'start': 398.28, 'end': 402.28, 'text': " So I thought about that and I thought, okay, so let's think about an attacker.", 'tokens': [50714, 407, 286, 1194, 466, 300, 293, 286, 1194, 11, 1392, 11, 370, 718, 311, 519, 466, 364, 35871, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09956856284822736, 'compression_ratio': 1.7171314741035857, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019996482878923416}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 39128, 'start': 402.28, 'end': 408.28, 'text': " Let's figure out the attackers needs. So also which context is the attacker in.", 'tokens': [50914, 961, 311, 2573, 484, 264, 45129, 2203, 13, 407, 611, 597, 4319, 307, 264, 35871, 294, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09956856284822736, 'compression_ratio': 1.7171314741035857, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019996482878923416}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 39128, 'start': 408.28, 'end': 417.28, 'text': ' And once we know that we can actually make sure that we strip those needs away from the attacker from the bad guy.', 'tokens': [51214, 400, 1564, 321, 458, 300, 321, 393, 767, 652, 988, 300, 321, 12828, 729, 2203, 1314, 490, 264, 35871, 490, 264, 1578, 2146, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09956856284822736, 'compression_ratio': 1.7171314741035857, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019996482878923416}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 39128, 'start': 417.28, 'end': 420.28, 'text': " Right, so here we go. I'm going to show you my map.", 'tokens': [51664, 1779, 11, 370, 510, 321, 352, 13, 286, 478, 516, 281, 855, 291, 452, 4471, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09956856284822736, 'compression_ratio': 1.7171314741035857, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019996482878923416}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 42028, 'start': 420.28, 'end': 427.28, 'text': ' So we got this attacker. He is a blackhack hacker.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 658, 341, 35871, 13, 634, 307, 257, 2211, 71, 501, 38155, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15706116153347877, 'compression_ratio': 1.486842105263158, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009075134061276913}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 42028, 'start': 427.28, 'end': 439.28, 'text': ' And he is also a very smart and skilled one. Okay, because, you know, these days we got loads of attackers we got, you know, the script pitties, which are basically beginners.', 'tokens': [50714, 400, 415, 307, 611, 257, 588, 4069, 293, 19690, 472, 13, 1033, 11, 570, 11, 291, 458, 11, 613, 1708, 321, 658, 12668, 295, 45129, 321, 658, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 5755, 280, 593, 530, 11, 597, 366, 1936, 26992, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15706116153347877, 'compression_ratio': 1.486842105263158, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009075134061276913}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 43928, 'start': 439.28, 'end': 449.28, 'text': ' So we got attackers who will just use awesome tools, which is open source intelligence tools to hackers.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 658, 45129, 567, 486, 445, 764, 3476, 3873, 11, 597, 307, 1269, 4009, 7599, 3873, 281, 39766, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14764271659412603, 'compression_ratio': 1.635135135135135, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18668121099472046}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 43928, 'start': 449.28, 'end': 464.28, 'text': " We got social engineers, which will just use a low techie way to actually penetrate our systems. So for my kind of demonstration, I chose, you know, a very skilled and smart black hacker who's got a lot of techie skills.", 'tokens': [50864, 492, 658, 2093, 11955, 11, 597, 486, 445, 764, 257, 2295, 7553, 414, 636, 281, 767, 36307, 527, 3652, 13, 407, 337, 452, 733, 295, 16520, 11, 286, 5111, 11, 291, 458, 11, 257, 588, 19690, 293, 4069, 2211, 38155, 567, 311, 658, 257, 688, 295, 7553, 414, 3942, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14764271659412603, 'compression_ratio': 1.635135135135135, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18668121099472046}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 43928, 'start': 464.28, 'end': 468.28, 'text': ' Right, so what does an attacker need.', 'tokens': [51614, 1779, 11, 370, 437, 775, 364, 35871, 643, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14764271659412603, 'compression_ratio': 1.635135135135135, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18668121099472046}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 46828, 'start': 468.28, 'end': 480.28, 'text': ' Well, it needs vulnerable software right. And then the other thing that attacker needs is a hacking framework, which is hackers tools.', 'tokens': [50364, 1042, 11, 309, 2203, 10955, 4722, 558, 13, 400, 550, 264, 661, 551, 300, 35871, 2203, 307, 257, 31422, 8388, 11, 597, 307, 39766, 3873, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19551404317220053, 'compression_ratio': 1.2641509433962264, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034176884219050407}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 48028, 'start': 480.28, 'end': 492.28, 'text': ' You know, a computer, a system, everything, for example, one of the hacking frameworks that is most popular is called metasploit and he has like a lot of scanning tools embedded.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 458, 11, 257, 3820, 11, 257, 1185, 11, 1203, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 472, 295, 264, 31422, 29834, 300, 307, 881, 3743, 307, 1219, 1131, 296, 21132, 270, 293, 415, 575, 411, 257, 688, 295, 27019, 3873, 16741, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14056506301417496, 'compression_ratio': 1.4606741573033708, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1817760020494461}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 48028, 'start': 492.28, 'end': 500.28, 'text': " It's got exploits and that you can dump straight away. So that's just an example.", 'tokens': [50964, 467, 311, 658, 12382, 1208, 293, 300, 291, 393, 11430, 2997, 1314, 13, 407, 300, 311, 445, 364, 1365, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14056506301417496, 'compression_ratio': 1.4606741573033708, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1817760020494461}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 50028, 'start': 500.28, 'end': 515.28, 'text': " Right, so talking about context, we've got this vulnerable software, but it's not just the vulnerable software that it needs right because software by itself can be vulnerable but it can still be impenetrable.", 'tokens': [50364, 1779, 11, 370, 1417, 466, 4319, 11, 321, 600, 658, 341, 10955, 4722, 11, 457, 309, 311, 406, 445, 264, 10955, 4722, 300, 309, 2203, 558, 570, 4722, 538, 2564, 393, 312, 10955, 457, 309, 393, 920, 312, 704, 268, 302, 424, 638, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.093176675879437, 'compression_ratio': 1.8036529680365296, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04315319284796715}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 50028, 'start': 515.28, 'end': 529.28, 'text': ' So for this software, we need some open ports and we need some publicly facing IPs for the attacker to even be able to, you know, get to know that this software exists to even reach it.', 'tokens': [51114, 407, 337, 341, 4722, 11, 321, 643, 512, 1269, 18160, 293, 321, 643, 512, 14843, 7170, 8671, 82, 337, 264, 35871, 281, 754, 312, 1075, 281, 11, 291, 458, 11, 483, 281, 458, 300, 341, 4722, 8198, 281, 754, 2524, 309, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.093176675879437, 'compression_ratio': 1.8036529680365296, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04315319284796715}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 52928, 'start': 529.28, 'end': 546.28, 'text': " Right, and then as a commodity, we got internet access, which is a utility. Now, as you see, all of this is on the right of my world map. And that's because vulnerable software is, you know, something that's very, very common.", 'tokens': [50364, 1779, 11, 293, 550, 382, 257, 29125, 11, 321, 658, 4705, 2105, 11, 597, 307, 257, 14877, 13, 823, 11, 382, 291, 536, 11, 439, 295, 341, 307, 322, 264, 558, 295, 452, 1002, 4471, 13, 400, 300, 311, 570, 10955, 4722, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 746, 300, 311, 588, 11, 588, 2689, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1164308240858175, 'compression_ratio': 1.4037267080745341, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009348368272185326}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 54628, 'start': 546.28, 'end': 559.28, 'text': " So it's pretty much something that's industrialized because a lot of software these days will have vulnerabilities. As soon as a new patch comes out, it takes a couple months and they can get some vulnerabilities.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 311, 1238, 709, 746, 300, 311, 9987, 1602, 570, 257, 688, 295, 4722, 613, 1708, 486, 362, 37633, 13, 1018, 2321, 382, 257, 777, 9972, 1487, 484, 11, 309, 2516, 257, 1916, 2493, 293, 436, 393, 483, 512, 37633, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13012177893455992, 'compression_ratio': 1.6392156862745098, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18543657660484314}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 54628, 'start': 559.28, 'end': 572.28, 'text': " And also open ports, publicly facing IPs, something that's, you know, just necessary for software to function most these days. Internet access again is a utility. So it's all on the right on my world map.", 'tokens': [51014, 400, 611, 1269, 18160, 11, 14843, 7170, 8671, 82, 11, 746, 300, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 445, 4818, 337, 4722, 281, 2445, 881, 613, 1708, 13, 7703, 2105, 797, 307, 257, 14877, 13, 407, 309, 311, 439, 322, 264, 558, 322, 452, 1002, 4471, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13012177893455992, 'compression_ratio': 1.6392156862745098, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18543657660484314}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 57228, 'start': 572.28, 'end': 579.28, 'text': ' So if we think about it, we got that on the right for a black hacker. These are the things that are quite easily accessible.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 321, 519, 466, 309, 11, 321, 658, 300, 322, 264, 558, 337, 257, 2211, 38155, 13, 1981, 366, 264, 721, 300, 366, 1596, 3612, 9515, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0753556180883337, 'compression_ratio': 1.7224334600760456, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03949964419007301}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 57228, 'start': 579.28, 'end': 586.28, 'text': ' Then we go a little bit to the left and we got the hacking framework. And then we got the known exploits as well.', 'tokens': [50714, 1396, 321, 352, 257, 707, 857, 281, 264, 1411, 293, 321, 658, 264, 31422, 8388, 13, 400, 550, 321, 658, 264, 2570, 12382, 1208, 382, 731, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0753556180883337, 'compression_ratio': 1.7224334600760456, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03949964419007301}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 57228, 'start': 586.28, 'end': 598.28, 'text': " Because of course it's not just necessary for vulnerability to be present. It's necessary for a known exploit. And this is where we're getting close to our, you know, explanation of context and why it matters here.", 'tokens': [51064, 1436, 295, 1164, 309, 311, 406, 445, 4818, 337, 24210, 281, 312, 1974, 13, 467, 311, 4818, 337, 257, 2570, 25924, 13, 400, 341, 307, 689, 321, 434, 1242, 1998, 281, 527, 11, 291, 458, 11, 10835, 295, 4319, 293, 983, 309, 7001, 510, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0753556180883337, 'compression_ratio': 1.7224334600760456, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03949964419007301}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 59828, 'start': 598.28, 'end': 607.28, 'text': ' So basically, as I said, we got all of these things on the right. And then we got our zero day exploit on the left.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 1936, 11, 382, 286, 848, 11, 321, 658, 439, 295, 613, 721, 322, 264, 558, 13, 400, 550, 321, 658, 527, 4018, 786, 25924, 322, 264, 1411, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11342166451846852, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027027027027026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00445176288485527}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 59828, 'start': 607.28, 'end': 617.28, 'text': " Now, the zero day is on the left because it's just as bespoke thing. It's custom made. It's not something that's been done before.", 'tokens': [50814, 823, 11, 264, 4018, 786, 307, 322, 264, 1411, 570, 309, 311, 445, 382, 4097, 48776, 551, 13, 467, 311, 2375, 1027, 13, 467, 311, 406, 746, 300, 311, 668, 1096, 949, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11342166451846852, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027027027027026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00445176288485527}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 59828, 'start': 617.28, 'end': 624.28, 'text': " And it's, it depends on the, you know, high, high skills of a hacker to actually sit down and write some code and write an exploit.", 'tokens': [51314, 400, 309, 311, 11, 309, 5946, 322, 264, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1090, 11, 1090, 3942, 295, 257, 38155, 281, 767, 1394, 760, 293, 2464, 512, 3089, 293, 2464, 364, 25924, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11342166451846852, 'compression_ratio': 1.7027027027027026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00445176288485527}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 62428, 'start': 624.28, 'end': 629.28, 'text': " So this is where we're getting at. So we got a vulnerability of our software.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 307, 689, 321, 434, 1242, 412, 13, 407, 321, 658, 257, 24210, 295, 527, 4722, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11390244960784912, 'compression_ratio': 1.5172413793103448, 'no_speech_prob': 0.036759696900844574}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 62428, 'start': 629.28, 'end': 641.28, 'text': ' And, you know, the instinct in a lot of times is just to like ration and try and patch that vulnerability. But actually, if we think about the context, is this vulnerability exploitable?', 'tokens': [50614, 400, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 16556, 294, 257, 688, 295, 1413, 307, 445, 281, 411, 24258, 293, 853, 293, 9972, 300, 24210, 13, 583, 767, 11, 498, 321, 519, 466, 264, 4319, 11, 307, 341, 24210, 12382, 16772, 30, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11390244960784912, 'compression_ratio': 1.5172413793103448, 'no_speech_prob': 0.036759696900844574}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 64128, 'start': 641.28, 'end': 654.28, 'text': " Is this actually, you know, is it a database? Is actually not even connected to the internet? Because in that scenario, if we strip away the internet access, we don't even need to patch the vulnerability.", 'tokens': [50364, 1119, 341, 767, 11, 291, 458, 11, 307, 309, 257, 8149, 30, 1119, 767, 406, 754, 4582, 281, 264, 4705, 30, 1436, 294, 300, 9005, 11, 498, 321, 12828, 1314, 264, 4705, 2105, 11, 321, 500, 380, 754, 643, 281, 9972, 264, 24210, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1410868287086487, 'compression_ratio': 1.6682692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2891230881214142}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 64128, 'start': 654.28, 'end': 662.28, 'text': " We can just strip away the internet access and that's easier, right, than just paying developers to sit down for hours, patching some systems.", 'tokens': [51014, 492, 393, 445, 12828, 1314, 264, 4705, 2105, 293, 300, 311, 3571, 11, 558, 11, 813, 445, 6229, 8849, 281, 1394, 760, 337, 2496, 11, 9972, 278, 512, 3652, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1410868287086487, 'compression_ratio': 1.6682692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2891230881214142}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 66228, 'start': 662.28, 'end': 676.28, 'text': ' Also, we can close some ports. Maybe that will help to just reduce our risk. So this is all about the context where software lies in and how we can approach actually this vulnerability.', 'tokens': [50364, 2743, 11, 321, 393, 1998, 512, 18160, 13, 2704, 300, 486, 854, 281, 445, 5407, 527, 3148, 13, 407, 341, 307, 439, 466, 264, 4319, 689, 4722, 9134, 294, 293, 577, 321, 393, 3109, 767, 341, 24210, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0876398750498325, 'compression_ratio': 1.5462962962962963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08356573432683945}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 66228, 'start': 676.28, 'end': 685.28, 'text': ' Also, on the right, as you see, so these are the things that the hacker has readily available, but also the things that is easy for us to take away.', 'tokens': [51064, 2743, 11, 322, 264, 558, 11, 382, 291, 536, 11, 370, 613, 366, 264, 721, 300, 264, 38155, 575, 26336, 2435, 11, 457, 611, 264, 721, 300, 307, 1858, 337, 505, 281, 747, 1314, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0876398750498325, 'compression_ratio': 1.5462962962962963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08356573432683945}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 68528, 'start': 685.28, 'end': 695.28, 'text': " But if we can't, or if we've already done that, but we want to, you know, security in debt, then we can think about like, okay, so there's some known exploits out there.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 498, 321, 393, 380, 11, 420, 498, 321, 600, 1217, 1096, 300, 11, 457, 321, 528, 281, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3825, 294, 7831, 11, 550, 321, 393, 519, 466, 411, 11, 1392, 11, 370, 456, 311, 512, 2570, 12382, 1208, 484, 456, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09447609384854634, 'compression_ratio': 1.6854460093896713, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07889356464147568}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 68528, 'start': 695.28, 'end': 707.28, 'text': " We can't take really those away, but we can also think about, for example, zero day exploit. Some people think, oh, it's impossible to take that away, but there's also methods for that too.", 'tokens': [50864, 492, 393, 380, 747, 534, 729, 1314, 11, 457, 321, 393, 611, 519, 466, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 4018, 786, 25924, 13, 2188, 561, 519, 11, 1954, 11, 309, 311, 6243, 281, 747, 300, 1314, 11, 457, 456, 311, 611, 7150, 337, 300, 886, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09447609384854634, 'compression_ratio': 1.6854460093896713, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07889356464147568}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 70728, 'start': 707.28, 'end': 717.28, 'text': " So the method is like content disarmament and construction, where we basically make sure that any files have, don't have any unknown malware.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 3170, 307, 411, 2701, 717, 4452, 2466, 293, 6435, 11, 689, 321, 1936, 652, 988, 300, 604, 7098, 362, 11, 500, 380, 362, 604, 9841, 40747, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14570026893120308, 'compression_ratio': 1.553921568627451, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22755011916160583}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 70728, 'start': 717.28, 'end': 729.28, 'text': " So it is also a strategy that we can go for, if we want security in debt, and if it's something that, you know, we've already addressed all the other bits of our worldly maps.", 'tokens': [50864, 407, 309, 307, 611, 257, 5206, 300, 321, 393, 352, 337, 11, 498, 321, 528, 3825, 294, 7831, 11, 293, 498, 309, 311, 746, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 600, 1217, 13847, 439, 264, 661, 9239, 295, 527, 40397, 11317, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14570026893120308, 'compression_ratio': 1.553921568627451, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22755011916160583}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 72928, 'start': 729.28, 'end': 739.28, 'text': " There we go. That's a little bit about like how we can use, you know, how we have to put everything into context, and how we have to, how we can use", 'tokens': [50364, 821, 321, 352, 13, 663, 311, 257, 707, 857, 466, 411, 577, 321, 393, 764, 11, 291, 458, 11, 577, 321, 362, 281, 829, 1203, 666, 4319, 11, 293, 577, 321, 362, 281, 11, 577, 321, 393, 764, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1522094522203718, 'compression_ratio': 1.4368932038834952, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03349998593330383}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 73928, 'start': 739.28, 'end': 750.28, 'text': " worldly maps to actually reveal the context, because sometimes we, okay, we're aware that we have to think about it, but we're not really sure how to visualize it to ourselves.", 'tokens': [50364, 40397, 11317, 281, 767, 10658, 264, 4319, 11, 570, 2171, 321, 11, 1392, 11, 321, 434, 3650, 300, 321, 362, 281, 519, 466, 309, 11, 457, 321, 434, 406, 534, 988, 577, 281, 23273, 309, 281, 4175, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11048249164259577, 'compression_ratio': 1.537313432835821, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2442781925201416}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 73928, 'start': 750.28, 'end': 754.28, 'text': ' So it could be a way to do that.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 309, 727, 312, 257, 636, 281, 360, 300, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11048249164259577, 'compression_ratio': 1.537313432835821, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2442781925201416}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 73928, 'start': 754.28, 'end': 758.28, 'text': ' So I also wanted to show you.', 'tokens': [51114, 407, 286, 611, 1415, 281, 855, 291, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11048249164259577, 'compression_ratio': 1.537313432835821, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2442781925201416}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 73928, 'start': 758.28, 'end': 763.28, 'text': " There's another map that I've made. And it's also similar to context.", 'tokens': [51314, 821, 311, 1071, 4471, 300, 286, 600, 1027, 13, 400, 309, 311, 611, 2531, 281, 4319, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11048249164259577, 'compression_ratio': 1.537313432835821, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2442781925201416}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 76328, 'start': 764.28, 'end': 783.28, 'text': ' I kind of imagined that we can also do a threat modeling with worldly maps. And I wanted to make it a bit fun. So I decided to do a threat modeling of COVID itself. Well, actually, not COVID as per se, but more as like the virus, like coronavirus.', 'tokens': [50414, 286, 733, 295, 16590, 300, 321, 393, 611, 360, 257, 4734, 15983, 365, 40397, 11317, 13, 400, 286, 1415, 281, 652, 309, 257, 857, 1019, 13, 407, 286, 3047, 281, 360, 257, 4734, 15983, 295, 4566, 2564, 13, 1042, 11, 767, 11, 406, 4566, 382, 680, 369, 11, 457, 544, 382, 411, 264, 5752, 11, 411, 13043, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17098882600858614, 'compression_ratio': 1.5879396984924623, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041878145188093185}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 76328, 'start': 783.28, 'end': 789.28, 'text': ' So what does coronavirus need to become COVID to become the disease?', 'tokens': [51364, 407, 437, 775, 13043, 643, 281, 1813, 4566, 281, 1813, 264, 4752, 30, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17098882600858614, 'compression_ratio': 1.5879396984924623, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041878145188093185}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 78928, 'start': 789.28, 'end': 800.28, 'text': " So again, I'm putting the attacker here as a user. I'm doing this reverse methodology, because then again we can think about stripping away the attackers needs.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 797, 11, 286, 478, 3372, 264, 35871, 510, 382, 257, 4195, 13, 286, 478, 884, 341, 9943, 24850, 11, 570, 550, 797, 321, 393, 519, 466, 3575, 3759, 1314, 264, 45129, 2203, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2001338699488964, 'compression_ratio': 1.7176470588235293, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034170009195804596}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 78928, 'start': 800.28, 'end': 807.28, 'text': ' And as here it says we got like our crowded places we got our healthy individuals.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 382, 510, 309, 1619, 321, 658, 411, 527, 21634, 3190, 321, 658, 527, 4627, 5346, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2001338699488964, 'compression_ratio': 1.7176470588235293, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034170009195804596}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 78928, 'start': 807.28, 'end': 818.28, 'text': " We got individuals at risk on the left side, we've got hygiene habits on the right. So that was prelocked. That was pre summer that was during the harshest lockdown that this world map was made.", 'tokens': [51264, 492, 658, 5346, 412, 3148, 322, 264, 1411, 1252, 11, 321, 600, 658, 29541, 14100, 322, 264, 558, 13, 407, 300, 390, 659, 4102, 292, 13, 663, 390, 659, 4266, 300, 390, 1830, 264, 14897, 377, 17267, 300, 341, 1002, 4471, 390, 1027, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2001338699488964, 'compression_ratio': 1.7176470588235293, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034170009195804596}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 81828, 'start': 819.28, 'end': 830.28, 'text': " You know, obviously, all the crowded places and everything was on the left because that wasn't existent at the time it was a very rare thing to you know, if it was crowded was illegal.", 'tokens': [50414, 509, 458, 11, 2745, 11, 439, 264, 21634, 3190, 293, 1203, 390, 322, 264, 1411, 570, 300, 2067, 380, 2514, 317, 412, 264, 565, 309, 390, 257, 588, 5892, 551, 281, 291, 458, 11, 498, 309, 390, 21634, 390, 11905, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12247815728187561, 'compression_ratio': 1.5925925925925926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0039187027141451836}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 81828, 'start': 830.28, 'end': 835.28, 'text': " But then in the context. So that's that was that context of pre lockdown.", 'tokens': [50964, 583, 550, 294, 264, 4319, 13, 407, 300, 311, 300, 390, 300, 4319, 295, 659, 17267, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12247815728187561, 'compression_ratio': 1.5925925925925926, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0039187027141451836}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 83528, 'start': 835.28, 'end': 845.28, 'text': ' And if you think about it for summer 2020 the whole context has changed. And like we have again crowded places to the right side now.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 498, 291, 519, 466, 309, 337, 4266, 4808, 264, 1379, 4319, 575, 3105, 13, 400, 411, 321, 362, 797, 21634, 3190, 281, 264, 558, 1252, 586, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1675802518243659, 'compression_ratio': 1.5786802030456852, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3153040111064911}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 83528, 'start': 845.28, 'end': 856.28, 'text': " And we have healthy individual would travel on the right, got airlines on the right. So everything's moved to the right. And again, how are we going to strip the virus as needs.", 'tokens': [50864, 400, 321, 362, 4627, 2609, 576, 3147, 322, 264, 558, 11, 658, 37147, 322, 264, 558, 13, 407, 1203, 311, 4259, 281, 264, 558, 13, 400, 797, 11, 577, 366, 321, 516, 281, 12828, 264, 5752, 382, 2203, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1675802518243659, 'compression_ratio': 1.5786802030456852, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3153040111064911}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 85628, 'start': 856.28, 'end': 869.28, 'text': " So what is the strategy is the government going to take. Again, going back to our black hacker is easiest to take away their most readily available needs right so let's you know, try and reduce the crowded places.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 307, 264, 5206, 307, 264, 2463, 516, 281, 747, 13, 3764, 11, 516, 646, 281, 527, 2211, 38155, 307, 12889, 281, 747, 1314, 641, 881, 26336, 2435, 2203, 558, 370, 718, 311, 291, 458, 11, 853, 293, 5407, 264, 21634, 3190, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25150827566782635, 'compression_ratio': 1.4391891891891893, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4805580675601959}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 86928, 'start': 869.28, 'end': 887.28, 'text': ' And then reduce the healthy individuals would travel introduce quarantines. So again, as you see we can also put things into context and worldly maps we can also think of a strategy on how to cope how what is the easiest thing that we can do to make a biggest effect first.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 5407, 264, 4627, 5346, 576, 3147, 5366, 41240, 1652, 13, 407, 797, 11, 382, 291, 536, 321, 393, 611, 829, 721, 666, 4319, 293, 40397, 11317, 321, 393, 611, 519, 295, 257, 5206, 322, 577, 281, 22598, 577, 437, 307, 264, 12889, 551, 300, 321, 393, 360, 281, 652, 257, 3880, 1802, 700, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22615504264831543, 'compression_ratio': 1.5714285714285714, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6000167727470398}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 86928, 'start': 887.28, 'end': 892.28, 'text': ' And that comes to the end of my presentation.', 'tokens': [51264, 400, 300, 1487, 281, 264, 917, 295, 452, 5860, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22615504264831543, 'compression_ratio': 1.5714285714285714, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6000167727470398}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 89228, 'start': 892.28, 'end': 899.28, 'text': " Thank you for your attention. And it's time for discussion and questions.", 'tokens': [50364, 1044, 291, 337, 428, 3202, 13, 400, 309, 311, 565, 337, 5017, 293, 1651, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16330322405187095, 'compression_ratio': 1.575609756097561, 'no_speech_prob': 0.20074410736560822}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 89228, 'start': 899.28, 'end': 903.28, 'text': ' Brilliant Patrick, really brilliant start to the day.', 'tokens': [50714, 34007, 13980, 11, 534, 10248, 722, 281, 264, 786, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16330322405187095, 'compression_ratio': 1.575609756097561, 'no_speech_prob': 0.20074410736560822}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 89228, 'start': 903.28, 'end': 915.28, 'text': " I've, if you don't mind I jump if I could jump in and ask a question on that and everybody are free to use the Q&A I should have said that at the beginning, just to put in any questions you have.", 'tokens': [50914, 286, 600, 11, 498, 291, 500, 380, 1575, 286, 3012, 498, 286, 727, 3012, 294, 293, 1029, 257, 1168, 322, 300, 293, 2201, 366, 1737, 281, 764, 264, 1249, 5, 32, 286, 820, 362, 848, 300, 412, 264, 2863, 11, 445, 281, 829, 294, 604, 1651, 291, 362, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16330322405187095, 'compression_ratio': 1.575609756097561, 'no_speech_prob': 0.20074410736560822}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 91528, 'start': 915.28, 'end': 926.28, 'text': " So what's the first point. Yeah, first is that changing context. When I started mapping the biggest problem I had was deciding what were what the axes were.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 437, 311, 264, 700, 935, 13, 865, 11, 700, 307, 300, 4473, 4319, 13, 1133, 286, 1409, 18350, 264, 3880, 1154, 286, 632, 390, 17990, 437, 645, 437, 264, 35387, 645, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22279669897896903, 'compression_ratio': 1.528497409326425, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5399774312973022}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 91528, 'start': 926.28, 'end': 934.28, 'text': " So I may have a specific thing I wanted to study and it was okay there's so many different things to consider how do I pick the right one.", 'tokens': [50914, 407, 286, 815, 362, 257, 2685, 551, 286, 1415, 281, 2979, 293, 309, 390, 1392, 456, 311, 370, 867, 819, 721, 281, 1949, 577, 360, 286, 1888, 264, 558, 472, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22279669897896903, 'compression_ratio': 1.528497409326425, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5399774312973022}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 93428, 'start': 934.28, 'end': 948.28, 'text': " I tend to map for other people so I'm mapping for customers to try to understand the solutions of things they're doing. I'm wondering what if you could just talk a little bit about the experience of changing context and what's difficult about that.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 3928, 281, 4471, 337, 661, 561, 370, 286, 478, 18350, 337, 4581, 281, 853, 281, 1223, 264, 6547, 295, 721, 436, 434, 884, 13, 286, 478, 6359, 437, 498, 291, 727, 445, 751, 257, 707, 857, 466, 264, 1752, 295, 4473, 4319, 293, 437, 311, 2252, 466, 300, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13881062507629394, 'compression_ratio': 1.7410358565737052, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3557090759277344}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 93428, 'start': 948.28, 'end': 953.28, 'text': " From the point of view of deciding what you're measuring what you're actually looking at.", 'tokens': [51064, 3358, 264, 935, 295, 1910, 295, 17990, 437, 291, 434, 13389, 437, 291, 434, 767, 1237, 412, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13881062507629394, 'compression_ratio': 1.7410358565737052, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3557090759277344}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 93428, 'start': 953.28, 'end': 960.28, 'text': ' Yeah, so, as you see where I change context is actually. Yeah, I put the blood hacker hacker here.', 'tokens': [51314, 865, 11, 370, 11, 382, 291, 536, 689, 286, 1319, 4319, 307, 767, 13, 865, 11, 286, 829, 264, 3390, 38155, 38155, 510, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13881062507629394, 'compression_ratio': 1.7410358565737052, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3557090759277344}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 96028, 'start': 961.28, 'end': 968.28, 'text': ' Because if we think about in cybersecurity a lot of times, if we think about our users.', 'tokens': [50414, 1436, 498, 321, 519, 466, 294, 38765, 257, 688, 295, 1413, 11, 498, 321, 519, 466, 527, 5022, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1594511904615037, 'compression_ratio': 1.5666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05809059739112854}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 96028, 'start': 968.28, 'end': 978.28, 'text': " Yes, it's important, but a lot of times when we think about business and strategy and our customers.", 'tokens': [50764, 1079, 11, 309, 311, 1021, 11, 457, 257, 688, 295, 1413, 562, 321, 519, 466, 1606, 293, 5206, 293, 527, 4581, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1594511904615037, 'compression_ratio': 1.5666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05809059739112854}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 97828, 'start': 978.28, 'end': 990.28, 'text': " We of course want to fulfill this customer's needs, but cybersecurity in a way it's different because it's more, it's not so much about doing something actively it's actually preventative.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 295, 1164, 528, 281, 13875, 341, 5474, 311, 2203, 11, 457, 38765, 294, 257, 636, 309, 311, 819, 570, 309, 311, 544, 11, 309, 311, 406, 370, 709, 466, 884, 746, 13022, 309, 311, 767, 4871, 1166, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1364879461435171, 'compression_ratio': 1.532934131736527, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3210505545139313}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 97828, 'start': 990.28, 'end': 997.28, 'text': " So, in a way we still, you know, if we're going to be preventative.", 'tokens': [50964, 407, 11, 294, 257, 636, 321, 920, 11, 291, 458, 11, 498, 321, 434, 516, 281, 312, 4871, 1166, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1364879461435171, 'compression_ratio': 1.532934131736527, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3210505545139313}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 99728, 'start': 997.28, 'end': 1017.28, 'text': " We have to think about what are we preventing against and where we, you know, where are we going to put our efforts in. And this is where I kind of thought that, you know, putting our hacker as a user here would be better because that's basically what we do in penetration testing as well.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 362, 281, 519, 466, 437, 366, 321, 19965, 1970, 293, 689, 321, 11, 291, 458, 11, 689, 366, 321, 516, 281, 829, 527, 6484, 294, 13, 400, 341, 307, 689, 286, 733, 295, 1194, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3372, 527, 38155, 382, 257, 4195, 510, 576, 312, 1101, 570, 300, 311, 1936, 437, 321, 360, 294, 35187, 4997, 382, 731, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13819318742894415, 'compression_ratio': 1.5706521739130435, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2319663017988205}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 101728, 'start': 1017.28, 'end': 1029.28, 'text': " And so, you know, we, you know, we place ourselves as an attacker rather than actually addressing our customers and addressing our users, which I know it's a little bit different.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 1081, 4175, 382, 364, 35871, 2831, 813, 767, 14329, 527, 4581, 293, 14329, 527, 5022, 11, 597, 286, 458, 309, 311, 257, 707, 857, 819, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11365321704319545, 'compression_ratio': 1.6966824644549763, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22709283232688904}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 101728, 'start': 1029.28, 'end': 1040.28, 'text': ' So, yeah, changing context can be difficult because we can be very much stuck in kind of our constant ways of thinking and you know this is how it is and this is how it has been.', 'tokens': [50964, 407, 11, 1338, 11, 4473, 4319, 393, 312, 2252, 570, 321, 393, 312, 588, 709, 5541, 294, 733, 295, 527, 5754, 2098, 295, 1953, 293, 291, 458, 341, 307, 577, 309, 307, 293, 341, 307, 577, 309, 575, 668, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11365321704319545, 'compression_ratio': 1.6966824644549763, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22709283232688904}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 104028, 'start': 1040.28, 'end': 1059.28, 'text': " If we want to make some progression, then I think sometimes it's better to change that context put ourselves into, you know, make our anchor a bit different and see how we can change angles to make ourselves more efficient.", 'tokens': [50364, 759, 321, 528, 281, 652, 512, 18733, 11, 550, 286, 519, 2171, 309, 311, 1101, 281, 1319, 300, 4319, 829, 4175, 666, 11, 291, 458, 11, 652, 527, 18487, 257, 857, 819, 293, 536, 577, 321, 393, 1319, 14708, 281, 652, 4175, 544, 7148, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13025393157169737, 'compression_ratio': 1.4848484848484849, 'no_speech_prob': 0.41925621032714844}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 104028, 'start': 1059.28, 'end': 1062.28, 'text': ' Oh, you muted Damien.', 'tokens': [51314, 876, 11, 291, 32808, 5885, 1053, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13025393157169737, 'compression_ratio': 1.4848484848484849, 'no_speech_prob': 0.41925621032714844}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 106228, 'start': 1062.28, 'end': 1065.28, 'text': ' Yes, it might happen again.', 'tokens': [50364, 1079, 11, 309, 1062, 1051, 797, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20482080632990057, 'compression_ratio': 1.6879699248120301, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3207472264766693}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 106228, 'start': 1065.28, 'end': 1075.28, 'text': " Philippe, go ahead and speaking of context, anybody putting in a question, feel free to write who you are and why you're asking maybe your domain.", 'tokens': [50514, 13694, 68, 11, 352, 2286, 293, 4124, 295, 4319, 11, 4472, 3372, 294, 257, 1168, 11, 841, 1737, 281, 2464, 567, 291, 366, 293, 983, 291, 434, 3365, 1310, 428, 9274, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20482080632990057, 'compression_ratio': 1.6879699248120301, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3207472264766693}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 106228, 'start': 1075.28, 'end': 1085.28, 'text': " Just to give us a little bit of context and make sure you get the answer you're looking for but a question from Philip, go ahead. In which way of those maps told you something you didn't already know.", 'tokens': [51014, 1449, 281, 976, 505, 257, 707, 857, 295, 4319, 293, 652, 988, 291, 483, 264, 1867, 291, 434, 1237, 337, 457, 257, 1168, 490, 21144, 11, 352, 2286, 13, 682, 597, 636, 295, 729, 11317, 1907, 291, 746, 291, 994, 380, 1217, 458, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20482080632990057, 'compression_ratio': 1.6879699248120301, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3207472264766693}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 106228, 'start': 1085.28, 'end': 1089.28, 'text': ' So what did you learn or what was revealed by the maps as you went along.', 'tokens': [51514, 407, 437, 630, 291, 1466, 420, 437, 390, 9599, 538, 264, 11317, 382, 291, 1437, 2051, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20482080632990057, 'compression_ratio': 1.6879699248120301, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3207472264766693}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 108928, 'start': 1089.28, 'end': 1099.28, 'text': " So I think in this scenario I know sometimes it can seem like, oh, you know, we're discovering, we're not discovering, you know, a new continent here.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 519, 294, 341, 9005, 286, 458, 2171, 309, 393, 1643, 411, 11, 1954, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 434, 24773, 11, 321, 434, 406, 24773, 11, 291, 458, 11, 257, 777, 18932, 510, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1402424363528981, 'compression_ratio': 1.8106995884773662, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07074998319149017}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 108928, 'start': 1099.28, 'end': 1117.28, 'text': " But I think it's more about what I mentioned earlier, it's more about simulation and just kind of making us aware of our context because as I said, sometimes we can get so focused on actually trying to for example fight zero day exploits and just kind of being aware of those and trying to", 'tokens': [50864, 583, 286, 519, 309, 311, 544, 466, 437, 286, 2835, 3071, 11, 309, 311, 544, 466, 16575, 293, 445, 733, 295, 1455, 505, 3650, 295, 527, 4319, 570, 382, 286, 848, 11, 2171, 321, 393, 483, 370, 5178, 322, 767, 1382, 281, 337, 1365, 2092, 4018, 786, 12382, 1208, 293, 445, 733, 295, 885, 3650, 295, 729, 293, 1382, 281, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1402424363528981, 'compression_ratio': 1.8106995884773662, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07074998319149017}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 111728, 'start': 1117.28, 'end': 1133.28, 'text': " cope with those and patching up vulnerabilities. Well, I think making this map actually shows us more of, well, actually, if we do something super easy and that's like remove internet access from a database, and we can still use our software.", 'tokens': [50364, 22598, 365, 729, 293, 9972, 278, 493, 37633, 13, 1042, 11, 286, 519, 1455, 341, 4471, 767, 3110, 505, 544, 295, 11, 731, 11, 767, 11, 498, 321, 360, 746, 1687, 1858, 293, 300, 311, 411, 4159, 4705, 2105, 490, 257, 8149, 11, 293, 321, 393, 920, 764, 527, 4722, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15393076809969816, 'compression_ratio': 1.4319526627218935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10818521678447723}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 113328, 'start': 1133.28, 'end': 1146.28, 'text': ' So actually that way we can with much less effort patch to vulnerability than like, for example, paying some developer to sit down for seven hours and try and patch all the systems.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 767, 300, 636, 321, 393, 365, 709, 1570, 4630, 9972, 281, 24210, 813, 411, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 6229, 512, 10754, 281, 1394, 760, 337, 3407, 2496, 293, 853, 293, 9972, 439, 264, 3652, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19267334938049316, 'compression_ratio': 1.371212121212121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.47685346007347107}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 114628, 'start': 1146.28, 'end': 1164.28, 'text': " So in that way, I think it revealed something that we didn't. It's not so much that it revealed something that we didn't know, but it's more kind of putting our situation in context and guiding us through the way to figure out what's your next step in vulnerability management.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 294, 300, 636, 11, 286, 519, 309, 9599, 746, 300, 321, 994, 380, 13, 467, 311, 406, 370, 709, 300, 309, 9599, 746, 300, 321, 994, 380, 458, 11, 457, 309, 311, 544, 733, 295, 3372, 527, 2590, 294, 4319, 293, 25061, 505, 807, 264, 636, 281, 2573, 484, 437, 311, 428, 958, 1823, 294, 24210, 4592, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18415054274194034, 'compression_ratio': 1.6220095693779903, 'no_speech_prob': 0.30091792345046997}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 114628, 'start': 1164.28, 'end': 1166.28, 'text': ' Brilliant.', 'tokens': [51264, 34007, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18415054274194034, 'compression_ratio': 1.6220095693779903, 'no_speech_prob': 0.30091792345046997}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 114628, 'start': 1166.28, 'end': 1170.28, 'text': ' Sarah, do you have any advice questions for Petra?', 'tokens': [51364, 9519, 11, 360, 291, 362, 604, 5192, 1651, 337, 10472, 424, 30, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18415054274194034, 'compression_ratio': 1.6220095693779903, 'no_speech_prob': 0.30091792345046997}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 117028, 'start': 1170.28, 'end': 1177.28, 'text': " I wouldn't presume to give Petra advice in this in this space.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 2759, 380, 43283, 281, 976, 10472, 424, 5192, 294, 341, 294, 341, 1901, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391316117911502, 'compression_ratio': 1.434782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12064290046691895}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 117028, 'start': 1177.28, 'end': 1191.28, 'text': " I just want to back her up completely in terms of the value adds I mean certainly she's brought you sort of simple elegance I'm going to be bringing you chaos at scale.", 'tokens': [50714, 286, 445, 528, 281, 646, 720, 493, 2584, 294, 2115, 295, 264, 2158, 10860, 286, 914, 3297, 750, 311, 3038, 291, 1333, 295, 2199, 14459, 719, 286, 478, 516, 281, 312, 5062, 291, 14158, 412, 4373, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391316117911502, 'compression_ratio': 1.434782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12064290046691895}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 119128, 'start': 1191.28, 'end': 1204.28, 'text': " So ways to either see the additional perspectives you may not be focused on because you're in your silo very focused in on your specialist area is incredibly valuable.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 2098, 281, 2139, 536, 264, 4497, 16766, 291, 815, 406, 312, 5178, 322, 570, 291, 434, 294, 428, 3425, 78, 588, 5178, 294, 322, 428, 17008, 1859, 307, 6252, 8263, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15336328897720727, 'compression_ratio': 1.569377990430622, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06063780561089516}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 119128, 'start': 1204.28, 'end': 1213.28, 'text': ' And from my point of view trying to strip away some of the layers so you can focus in the way Petra has so I think it works from perspective.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 490, 452, 935, 295, 1910, 1382, 281, 12828, 1314, 512, 295, 264, 7914, 370, 291, 393, 1879, 294, 264, 636, 10472, 424, 575, 370, 286, 519, 309, 1985, 490, 4585, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15336328897720727, 'compression_ratio': 1.569377990430622, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06063780561089516}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 119128, 'start': 1213.28, 'end': 1214.28, 'text': ' Fantastic.', 'tokens': [51464, 21320, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15336328897720727, 'compression_ratio': 1.569377990430622, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06063780561089516}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 119128, 'start': 1214.28, 'end': 1215.28, 'text': ' Dennis.', 'tokens': [51514, 23376, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15336328897720727, 'compression_ratio': 1.569377990430622, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06063780561089516}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 121528, 'start': 1215.28, 'end': 1233.28, 'text': " I'm, I'm the guilty one of getting Petra to not then that worldly map, because I want to put on the recruitment process that we did the the world we maps, you know, requirement, which I highly recommend.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 11, 286, 478, 264, 12341, 472, 295, 1242, 10472, 424, 281, 406, 550, 300, 40397, 4471, 11, 570, 286, 528, 281, 829, 322, 264, 28240, 1399, 300, 321, 630, 264, 264, 1002, 321, 11317, 11, 291, 458, 11, 11695, 11, 597, 286, 5405, 2748, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.40792050081140857, 'compression_ratio': 1.4, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06529638916254044}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 123328, 'start': 1233.28, 'end': 1249.28, 'text': ' It was a major success story for us, who actually put where the maps as part of the recruitment process. So, you know, as you can see that you know it was a great way to see Petra in action, but also to see her thinking on this.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 390, 257, 2563, 2245, 1657, 337, 505, 11, 567, 767, 829, 689, 264, 11317, 382, 644, 295, 264, 28240, 1399, 13, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 382, 291, 393, 536, 300, 291, 458, 309, 390, 257, 869, 636, 281, 536, 10472, 424, 294, 3069, 11, 457, 611, 281, 536, 720, 1953, 322, 341, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19824759991138013, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.489516019821167}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 123328, 'start': 1249.28, 'end': 1254.28, 'text': " So, I'm very privileged to have Petra as member of my team.", 'tokens': [51164, 407, 11, 286, 478, 588, 25293, 281, 362, 10472, 424, 382, 4006, 295, 452, 1469, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19824759991138013, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.489516019821167}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 125428, 'start': 1254.28, 'end': 1263.28, 'text': " So we're going to have to ask you about that whole process of inserting would be mapping as part of a hiring process and there was a whole story there.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 434, 516, 281, 362, 281, 1029, 291, 466, 300, 1379, 1399, 295, 46567, 576, 312, 18350, 382, 644, 295, 257, 15335, 1399, 293, 456, 390, 257, 1379, 1657, 456, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23403961956501007, 'compression_ratio': 1.5082872928176796, 'no_speech_prob': 0.31646791100502014}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 125428, 'start': 1263.28, 'end': 1273.28, 'text': ' Okay, another question, James, say, Billy, do you find that you need to map attackers at different levels of abstraction.', 'tokens': [50814, 1033, 11, 1071, 1168, 11, 5678, 11, 584, 11, 18179, 11, 360, 291, 915, 300, 291, 643, 281, 4471, 45129, 412, 819, 4358, 295, 37765, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23403961956501007, 'compression_ratio': 1.5082872928176796, 'no_speech_prob': 0.31646791100502014}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 127328, 'start': 1273.28, 'end': 1285.28, 'text': " I think like for every attacker that has a different level, do a new world map. If that's the question then yes.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 519, 411, 337, 633, 35871, 300, 575, 257, 819, 1496, 11, 360, 257, 777, 1002, 4471, 13, 759, 300, 311, 264, 1168, 550, 2086, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2706035814787212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6304347826086956, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2706702649593353}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 127328, 'start': 1285.28, 'end': 1292.28, 'text': ' I think that every level of attacker deserves its own worldly map.', 'tokens': [50964, 286, 519, 300, 633, 1496, 295, 35871, 17037, 1080, 1065, 40397, 4471, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2706035814787212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6304347826086956, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2706702649593353}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 127328, 'start': 1292.28, 'end': 1294.28, 'text': ' If that was the question if that makes sense.', 'tokens': [51314, 759, 300, 390, 264, 1168, 498, 300, 1669, 2020, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2706035814787212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6304347826086956, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2706702649593353}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 129428, 'start': 1294.28, 'end': 1309.28, 'text': " Well, okay, that's one interpretation. I would have interpreted the, so the levels of abstraction so you can have the same hacker, but effectively, are there different ways you can view that same threat or different or that same hacker.", 'tokens': [50364, 1042, 11, 1392, 11, 300, 311, 472, 14174, 13, 286, 576, 362, 26749, 264, 11, 370, 264, 4358, 295, 37765, 370, 291, 393, 362, 264, 912, 38155, 11, 457, 8659, 11, 366, 456, 819, 2098, 291, 393, 1910, 300, 912, 4734, 420, 819, 420, 300, 912, 38155, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18641450545367072, 'compression_ratio': 1.7889908256880733, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22385087609291077}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 129428, 'start': 1309.28, 'end': 1319.28, 'text': " Not knowing the domain itself. Maybe that's a bad interpretation. I don't know Sarah or Dennis if you'd have a different interpretation of that question.", 'tokens': [51114, 1726, 5276, 264, 9274, 2564, 13, 2704, 300, 311, 257, 1578, 14174, 13, 286, 500, 380, 458, 9519, 420, 23376, 498, 291, 1116, 362, 257, 819, 14174, 295, 300, 1168, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18641450545367072, 'compression_ratio': 1.7889908256880733, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22385087609291077}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 131928, 'start': 1319.28, 'end': 1322.28, 'text': " I'm going to go with your interpretation.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 516, 281, 352, 365, 428, 14174, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19239896343600366, 'compression_ratio': 1.5026455026455026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11607297509908676}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 131928, 'start': 1322.28, 'end': 1331.28, 'text': ' And assume you answered it correctly James correct us if you, if, if, if you can add any context to that question.', 'tokens': [50514, 400, 6552, 291, 10103, 309, 8944, 5678, 3006, 505, 498, 291, 11, 498, 11, 498, 11, 498, 291, 393, 909, 604, 4319, 281, 300, 1168, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19239896343600366, 'compression_ratio': 1.5026455026455026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11607297509908676}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 131928, 'start': 1331.28, 'end': 1342.28, 'text': ' Excellent presentation. Have you applied for ethical hacking and businesses uses knowledge and awareness being a vulnerability.', 'tokens': [50964, 16723, 5860, 13, 3560, 291, 6456, 337, 18890, 31422, 293, 6011, 4960, 3601, 293, 8888, 885, 257, 24210, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19239896343600366, 'compression_ratio': 1.5026455026455026, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11607297509908676}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 134228, 'start': 1342.28, 'end': 1357.28, 'text': " What I don't know about the threat how you know have you have you, yeah, that's a really good question actually have you mapped the deficiency of understanding of users as a vulnerability in itself.", 'tokens': [50364, 708, 286, 500, 380, 458, 466, 264, 4734, 577, 291, 458, 362, 291, 362, 291, 11, 1338, 11, 300, 311, 257, 534, 665, 1168, 767, 362, 291, 33318, 264, 37500, 295, 3701, 295, 5022, 382, 257, 24210, 294, 2564, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1564933495088057, 'compression_ratio': 1.4244604316546763, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0485495962202549}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 135728, 'start': 1357.28, 'end': 1374.28, 'text': " Yeah, I mean that's definitely a vulnerability. I mean, you know we can patch our software as much as we want, but sometimes the lack of knowledge of users is definitely a vulnerability so yeah that's a really good point that that should come on to this map.", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 286, 914, 300, 311, 2138, 257, 24210, 13, 286, 914, 11, 291, 458, 321, 393, 9972, 527, 4722, 382, 709, 382, 321, 528, 11, 457, 2171, 264, 5011, 295, 3601, 295, 5022, 307, 2138, 257, 24210, 370, 1338, 300, 311, 257, 534, 665, 935, 300, 300, 820, 808, 322, 281, 341, 4471, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11441349579116046, 'compression_ratio': 1.5828220858895705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.255132794380188}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 137428, 'start': 1374.28, 'end': 1392.28, 'text': " But there's also something that a black hacker, you know, a lot of times needs is just, you know, users not being aware how to use that software and then making themselves and the softer vulnerable, just by doing that.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 456, 311, 611, 746, 300, 257, 2211, 38155, 11, 291, 458, 11, 257, 688, 295, 1413, 2203, 307, 445, 11, 291, 458, 11, 5022, 406, 885, 3650, 577, 281, 764, 300, 4722, 293, 550, 1455, 2969, 293, 264, 23119, 10955, 11, 445, 538, 884, 300, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17108928746190563, 'compression_ratio': 1.515923566878981, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3929097056388855}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 137428, 'start': 1392.28, 'end': 1395.28, 'text': ' So yeah good point.', 'tokens': [51264, 407, 1338, 665, 935, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17108928746190563, 'compression_ratio': 1.515923566878981, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3929097056388855}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 139528, 'start': 1395.28, 'end': 1411.28, 'text': " So that's a good point on this one. I think when you do a map right, I think it's very important that you have a specific scenario at hand right you know the scenario that you pick up almost determine how you look at maps.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 311, 257, 665, 935, 322, 341, 472, 13, 286, 519, 562, 291, 360, 257, 4471, 558, 11, 286, 519, 309, 311, 588, 1021, 300, 291, 362, 257, 2685, 9005, 412, 1011, 558, 291, 458, 264, 9005, 300, 291, 1888, 493, 1920, 6997, 577, 291, 574, 412, 11317, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26575307492856626, 'compression_ratio': 1.510204081632653, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3691568374633789}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 141128, 'start': 1411.28, 'end': 1429.28, 'text': ' In a nutshell, the maps is basically a sequence or you know a value chain or a sequence of events. These this to this this to this or this has this or needs this etc. And then basically four levels of evolution that you know you need to be creative on it right.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 257, 37711, 11, 264, 11317, 307, 1936, 257, 8310, 420, 291, 458, 257, 2158, 5021, 420, 257, 8310, 295, 3931, 13, 1981, 341, 281, 341, 341, 281, 341, 420, 341, 575, 341, 420, 2203, 341, 5183, 13, 400, 550, 1936, 1451, 4358, 295, 9303, 300, 291, 458, 291, 643, 281, 312, 5880, 322, 309, 558, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2712693448926582, 'compression_ratio': 1.6730769230769231, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3470689058303833}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 142928, 'start': 1429.28, 'end': 1444.28, 'text': " I think a lot of maps, you know you see Genesis custom build product in commodity but if you look at that big table that someone has right. There is, there's lots of different ways to slices and I'll show some examples on my presentation of, you know, it's about the telling the story.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 519, 257, 688, 295, 11317, 11, 291, 458, 291, 536, 20587, 2375, 1322, 1674, 294, 29125, 457, 498, 291, 574, 412, 300, 955, 3199, 300, 1580, 575, 558, 13, 821, 307, 11, 456, 311, 3195, 295, 819, 2098, 281, 19793, 293, 286, 603, 855, 512, 5110, 322, 452, 5860, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 466, 264, 3585, 264, 1657, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19831243201867857, 'compression_ratio': 1.4921465968586387, 'no_speech_prob': 0.39484703540802}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 144428, 'start': 1444.28, 'end': 1461.28, 'text': " And that's how I view it right the you want to tell a story with a map and when you're thinking maps, you know you basically are, you know, moving things in your heads of you know, or you're trying to understand what happens if you know this goes to the right or what will happen, you know when you know something", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 577, 286, 1910, 309, 558, 264, 291, 528, 281, 980, 257, 1657, 365, 257, 4471, 293, 562, 291, 434, 1953, 11317, 11, 291, 458, 291, 1936, 366, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2684, 721, 294, 428, 8050, 295, 291, 458, 11, 420, 291, 434, 1382, 281, 1223, 437, 2314, 498, 291, 458, 341, 1709, 281, 264, 558, 420, 437, 486, 1051, 11, 291, 458, 562, 291, 458, 746, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22595034418879328, 'compression_ratio': 1.768361581920904, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6977629661560059}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 146128, 'start': 1461.28, 'end': 1478.28, 'text': " happens, what happens then. And I think that's one of the most actually there's a question on gameplays and, and things are what happens right. I find that that's probably the most value I get from maps is to really understand that things will co evolved things will change that as soon as something", 'tokens': [50364, 2314, 11, 437, 2314, 550, 13, 400, 286, 519, 300, 311, 472, 295, 264, 881, 767, 456, 311, 257, 1168, 322, 11421, 82, 293, 11, 293, 721, 366, 437, 2314, 558, 13, 286, 915, 300, 300, 311, 1391, 264, 881, 2158, 286, 483, 490, 11317, 307, 281, 534, 1223, 300, 721, 486, 598, 14178, 721, 486, 1319, 300, 382, 2321, 382, 746, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20019357854669745, 'compression_ratio': 1.689265536723164, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3982449471950531}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 147828, 'start': 1478.28, 'end': 1493.28, 'text': " goes to the level of product or commodity. There's a whole bunch of other things that will occur. So you can think of that from an attacker once an attacker which certain level there's other things that you know almost gained has been unlocked right or other innovations or other things that they can do.", 'tokens': [50364, 1709, 281, 264, 1496, 295, 1674, 420, 29125, 13, 821, 311, 257, 1379, 3840, 295, 661, 721, 300, 486, 5160, 13, 407, 291, 393, 519, 295, 300, 490, 364, 35871, 1564, 364, 35871, 597, 1629, 1496, 456, 311, 661, 721, 300, 291, 458, 1920, 12634, 575, 668, 30180, 558, 420, 661, 24283, 420, 661, 721, 300, 436, 393, 360, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25187185406684875, 'compression_ratio': 1.7078651685393258, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4627748131752014}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 149328, 'start': 1493.28, 'end': 1515.28, 'text': ' Yeah, I would second that. In my context mapping for customers typically to try and try and fail fast right to work out the customer projects that make no sense, and actually will be a cost to me as a salesperson and what I often find is that the real value is less around the map more around the', 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 286, 576, 1150, 300, 13, 682, 452, 4319, 18350, 337, 4581, 5850, 281, 853, 293, 853, 293, 3061, 2370, 558, 281, 589, 484, 264, 5474, 4455, 300, 652, 572, 2020, 11, 293, 767, 486, 312, 257, 2063, 281, 385, 382, 257, 5763, 10813, 293, 437, 286, 2049, 915, 307, 300, 264, 957, 2158, 307, 1570, 926, 264, 4471, 544, 926, 264, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11976263416347219, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913978494623655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.238912895321846}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 151528, 'start': 1515.28, 'end': 1528.28, 'text': " conversation. It's a tool that helps me to unsimplify some of the things that as part of just the course of thinking about things you'll tend to wrap things up think about them in terms of maybe two or three components.", 'tokens': [50364, 3761, 13, 467, 311, 257, 2290, 300, 3665, 385, 281, 2693, 332, 564, 2505, 512, 295, 264, 721, 300, 382, 644, 295, 445, 264, 1164, 295, 1953, 466, 721, 291, 603, 3928, 281, 7019, 721, 493, 519, 466, 552, 294, 2115, 295, 1310, 732, 420, 1045, 6677, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06397648041064923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5422535211267605, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7853723764419556}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 152828, 'start': 1528.28, 'end': 1541.28, 'text': " When I then actually map something I'll realize while there are eight or nine things that are important, not just the three that I focus on from day to day. So it's almost at all for allowing me to sort of", 'tokens': [50364, 1133, 286, 550, 767, 4471, 746, 286, 603, 4325, 1339, 456, 366, 3180, 420, 4949, 721, 300, 366, 1021, 11, 406, 445, 264, 1045, 300, 286, 1879, 322, 490, 786, 281, 786, 13, 407, 309, 311, 1920, 412, 439, 337, 8293, 385, 281, 1333, 295, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21183738302677235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141078838174274, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4625393748283386}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 152828, 'start': 1541.28, 'end': 1550.28, 'text': ' Yeah, be simplify things that have have unnecessarily been simplified before brilliant. Thank you so much.', 'tokens': [51014, 865, 11, 312, 20460, 721, 300, 362, 362, 16799, 3289, 668, 26335, 949, 10248, 13, 1044, 291, 370, 709, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21183738302677235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141078838174274, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4625393748283386}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 152828, 'start': 1550.28, 'end': 1552.28, 'text': ' Do we have.', 'tokens': [51464, 1144, 321, 362, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21183738302677235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141078838174274, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4625393748283386}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 152828, 'start': 1552.28, 'end': 1556.28, 'text': ' Maybe in one more minute. I just want to also mention one thing.', 'tokens': [51564, 2704, 294, 472, 544, 3456, 13, 286, 445, 528, 281, 611, 2152, 472, 551, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21183738302677235, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141078838174274, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4625393748283386}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 155628, 'start': 1556.28, 'end': 1562.28, 'text': ' Right, so also talking about context.', 'tokens': [50364, 1779, 11, 370, 611, 1417, 466, 4319, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19944962939700564, 'compression_ratio': 1.582010582010582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03915594145655632}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 155628, 'start': 1562.28, 'end': 1566.28, 'text': ' On this picture before this one.', 'tokens': [50664, 1282, 341, 3036, 949, 341, 472, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19944962939700564, 'compression_ratio': 1.582010582010582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03915594145655632}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 155628, 'start': 1566.28, 'end': 1581.28, 'text': " What I also want to mention is because we've got a moment is, so this picture looks very chaotic right and, you know, some, some people would say well you know these people are on it they think like they know what they're doing.", 'tokens': [50864, 708, 286, 611, 528, 281, 2152, 307, 570, 321, 600, 658, 257, 1623, 307, 11, 370, 341, 3036, 1542, 588, 27013, 558, 293, 11, 291, 458, 11, 512, 11, 512, 561, 576, 584, 731, 291, 458, 613, 561, 366, 322, 309, 436, 519, 411, 436, 458, 437, 436, 434, 884, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19944962939700564, 'compression_ratio': 1.582010582010582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03915594145655632}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 158128, 'start': 1581.28, 'end': 1594.28, 'text': " Because everyone's busy everyone's doing their own thing everyone just kind of knows what to do. But actually in the context of what this is so this is a major trauma call where there's a trauma team handling a patient.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 1518, 311, 5856, 1518, 311, 884, 641, 1065, 551, 1518, 445, 733, 295, 3255, 437, 281, 360, 13, 583, 767, 294, 264, 4319, 295, 437, 341, 307, 370, 341, 307, 257, 2563, 11407, 818, 689, 456, 311, 257, 11407, 1469, 13175, 257, 4537, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15487972058747945, 'compression_ratio': 1.6103896103896105, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17347733676433563}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 158128, 'start': 1594.28, 'end': 1596.28, 'text': ' Actually this is very wrong.', 'tokens': [51014, 5135, 341, 307, 588, 2085, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15487972058747945, 'compression_ratio': 1.6103896103896105, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17347733676433563}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 159628, 'start': 1596.28, 'end': 1614.28, 'text': " Because every individual knows what they're doing yes, but there's no one leading the whole call. So there's no person standing at a patient's bed, you know, kind of directing the call having this situational awareness of the whole situation and you know knowing the context", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 633, 2609, 3255, 437, 436, 434, 884, 2086, 11, 457, 456, 311, 572, 472, 5775, 264, 1379, 818, 13, 407, 456, 311, 572, 954, 4877, 412, 257, 4537, 311, 2901, 11, 291, 458, 11, 733, 295, 26979, 264, 818, 1419, 341, 2054, 1478, 8888, 295, 264, 1379, 2590, 293, 291, 458, 5276, 264, 4319, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17144553944215937, 'compression_ratio': 1.630952380952381, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3869965672492981}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 161428, 'start': 1614.28, 'end': 1631.28, 'text': " because every single individual can be doing the wrong thing, but if they're not perfectly synchronized, if they're not aware of their context, they actually might be doing something very wrong and for example moving the patient wrong and then, you know, causing more damage than actually,", 'tokens': [50364, 570, 633, 2167, 2609, 393, 312, 884, 264, 2085, 551, 11, 457, 498, 436, 434, 406, 6239, 19331, 1602, 11, 498, 436, 434, 406, 3650, 295, 641, 4319, 11, 436, 767, 1062, 312, 884, 746, 588, 2085, 293, 337, 1365, 2684, 264, 4537, 2085, 293, 550, 11, 291, 458, 11, 9853, 544, 4344, 813, 767, 11, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1695847511291504, 'compression_ratio': 1.670520231213873, 'no_speech_prob': 0.37808841466903687}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 163128, 'start': 1631.28, 'end': 1654.28, 'text': " than actually good. So I think you know this picture even though it looks quite organized. It's actually very chaotic. And there's you know, there's no, the context here is not it's foggy no one's aware of it so this is why I think you know also in you know in business by medicines is", 'tokens': [50364, 813, 767, 665, 13, 407, 286, 519, 291, 458, 341, 3036, 754, 1673, 309, 1542, 1596, 9983, 13, 467, 311, 767, 588, 27013, 13, 400, 456, 311, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 572, 11, 264, 4319, 510, 307, 406, 309, 311, 13648, 1480, 572, 472, 311, 3650, 295, 309, 370, 341, 307, 983, 286, 519, 291, 458, 611, 294, 291, 458, 294, 1606, 538, 24251, 307, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21743688583374024, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3894529938697815}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 165428, 'start': 1654.28, 'end': 1663.28, 'text': " yes everyone knows needs to know what they're doing, but we need to also know the context that we're actually engaged in.", 'tokens': [50364, 2086, 1518, 3255, 2203, 281, 458, 437, 436, 434, 884, 11, 457, 321, 643, 281, 611, 458, 264, 4319, 300, 321, 434, 767, 8237, 294, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18494978405180432, 'compression_ratio': 1.2991452991452992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12038182467222214}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 165428, 'start': 1663.28, 'end': 1664.28, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [50814, 865, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18494978405180432, 'compression_ratio': 1.2991452991452992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12038182467222214}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 165428, 'start': 1664.28, 'end': 1667.28, 'text': ' Thanks so much, Patrick.', 'tokens': [50864, 2561, 370, 709, 11, 13980, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18494978405180432, 'compression_ratio': 1.2991452991452992, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12038182467222214}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 166728, 'start': 1667.28, 'end': 1678.28, 'text': " So it's a really good start as I said, and actually such an interesting subject area. I have probably 100 questions for you just on your map around covert.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 311, 257, 534, 665, 722, 382, 286, 848, 11, 293, 767, 1270, 364, 1880, 3983, 1859, 13, 286, 362, 1391, 2319, 1651, 337, 291, 445, 322, 428, 4471, 926, 45985, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15472092347986557, 'compression_ratio': 1.6282051282051282, 'no_speech_prob': 0.668297290802002}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 166728, 'start': 1678.28, 'end': 1690.28, 'text': " And just what you've seen around sort of some of the decision making and if there's anything that perhaps could have been exposed through that but I think that's a little bit analogous to the to the to the conversation today.", 'tokens': [50914, 400, 445, 437, 291, 600, 1612, 926, 1333, 295, 512, 295, 264, 3537, 1455, 293, 498, 456, 311, 1340, 300, 4317, 727, 362, 668, 9495, 807, 300, 457, 286, 519, 300, 311, 257, 707, 857, 16660, 563, 281, 264, 281, 264, 281, 264, 3761, 965, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15472092347986557, 'compression_ratio': 1.6282051282051282, 'no_speech_prob': 0.668297290802002}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 169028, 'start': 1690.28, 'end': 1698.28, 'text': " So who's Sarah Clark now, who's got a presentation for us Sarah what are you going to be talking to us about today.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 567, 311, 9519, 18572, 586, 11, 567, 311, 658, 257, 5860, 337, 505, 9519, 437, 366, 291, 516, 281, 312, 1417, 281, 505, 466, 965, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23463346163431803, 'compression_ratio': 1.5408805031446542, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24618744850158691}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 169028, 'start': 1698.28, 'end': 1707.28, 'text': " Well I'm going to be talking about something where we apparently I was the problem that warily maps is the solution in search of.", 'tokens': [50764, 1042, 286, 478, 516, 281, 312, 1417, 466, 746, 689, 321, 7970, 286, 390, 264, 1154, 300, 1516, 953, 11317, 307, 264, 3827, 294, 3164, 295, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23463346163431803, 'compression_ratio': 1.5408805031446542, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24618744850158691}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 170728, 'start': 1707.28, 'end': 1713.28, 'text': " I've been dealing with governance, risking compliance at scale and trying to simplify that.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 600, 668, 6260, 365, 17449, 11, 45235, 15882, 412, 4373, 293, 1382, 281, 20460, 300, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11841129189106955, 'compression_ratio': 1.6243386243386244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.737105667591095}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 170728, 'start': 1713.28, 'end': 1726.28, 'text': " But I'm going to talk about a very specific corner of that now which is my role in vendor governance and trying to head people off at the past buying past when they're trying to buy systems to solve people problems.", 'tokens': [50664, 583, 286, 478, 516, 281, 751, 466, 257, 588, 2685, 4538, 295, 300, 586, 597, 307, 452, 3090, 294, 24321, 17449, 293, 1382, 281, 1378, 561, 766, 412, 264, 1791, 6382, 1791, 562, 436, 434, 1382, 281, 2256, 3652, 281, 5039, 561, 2740, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11841129189106955, 'compression_ratio': 1.6243386243386244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.737105667591095}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 172628, 'start': 1726.28, 'end': 1736.28, 'text': " So I'm going to be talking about the difficulty in articulating why that isn't the best value out for a given point in time, or for a given context.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 312, 1417, 466, 264, 10360, 294, 15228, 12162, 983, 300, 1943, 380, 264, 1151, 2158, 484, 337, 257, 2212, 935, 294, 565, 11, 420, 337, 257, 2212, 4319, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22238387380327498, 'compression_ratio': 1.6618181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.675335168838501}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 172628, 'start': 1736.28, 'end': 1751.28, 'text': " So in that context is absolutely everything and that's what I'm hoping to demonstrate today. First, the way I came to the conclusion very very painfully, a different way and how I think it could have saved me thousands of words and a lot of pictures to maybe do it with a map.", 'tokens': [50864, 407, 294, 300, 4319, 307, 3122, 1203, 293, 300, 311, 437, 286, 478, 7159, 281, 11698, 965, 13, 2386, 11, 264, 636, 286, 1361, 281, 264, 10063, 588, 588, 1822, 2277, 11, 257, 819, 636, 293, 577, 286, 519, 309, 727, 362, 6624, 385, 5383, 295, 2283, 293, 257, 688, 295, 5242, 281, 1310, 360, 309, 365, 257, 4471, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22238387380327498, 'compression_ratio': 1.6618181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.675335168838501}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 172628, 'start': 1751.28, 'end': 1755.28, 'text': " So, that's brilliant. Let's go.", 'tokens': [51614, 407, 11, 300, 311, 10248, 13, 961, 311, 352, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22238387380327498, 'compression_ratio': 1.6618181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.675335168838501}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 175528, 'start': 1755.28, 'end': 1760.28, 'text': " Let's get this up properly.", 'tokens': [50364, 961, 311, 483, 341, 493, 6108, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15837367151824522, 'compression_ratio': 1.4394904458598725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024109307676553726}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 175528, 'start': 1760.28, 'end': 1765.28, 'text': ' And present.', 'tokens': [50614, 400, 1974, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15837367151824522, 'compression_ratio': 1.4394904458598725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024109307676553726}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 175528, 'start': 1765.28, 'end': 1770.28, 'text': ' Okay, is that on screen for everybody.', 'tokens': [50864, 1033, 11, 307, 300, 322, 2568, 337, 2201, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15837367151824522, 'compression_ratio': 1.4394904458598725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024109307676553726}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 175528, 'start': 1770.28, 'end': 1774.28, 'text': " Let's do this.", 'tokens': [51114, 961, 311, 360, 341, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15837367151824522, 'compression_ratio': 1.4394904458598725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024109307676553726}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 175528, 'start': 1774.28, 'end': 1779.28, 'text': " It says screen sharing has failed to start. Let me just find out see if there's a reason why.", 'tokens': [51314, 467, 1619, 2568, 5414, 575, 7612, 281, 722, 13, 961, 385, 445, 915, 484, 536, 498, 456, 311, 257, 1778, 983, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15837367151824522, 'compression_ratio': 1.4394904458598725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024109307676553726}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 175528, 'start': 1779.28, 'end': 1783.28, 'text': ' Okay. Petra, did you on screen share.', 'tokens': [51564, 1033, 13, 10472, 424, 11, 630, 291, 322, 2568, 2073, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15837367151824522, 'compression_ratio': 1.4394904458598725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024109307676553726}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 178328, 'start': 1783.28, 'end': 1788.28, 'text': ' Okay, just checking.', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 445, 8568, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18485867833516684, 'compression_ratio': 1.5296803652968036, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008859148249030113}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 178328, 'start': 1788.28, 'end': 1804.28, 'text': " This will be a theme of the day. So, where you normally go to a conference and see people rushing around because there hadn't been a you know that haven't been a my sequence move from one place to another this is us just trying to bring that real world experience online for you.", 'tokens': [50614, 639, 486, 312, 257, 6314, 295, 264, 786, 13, 407, 11, 689, 291, 5646, 352, 281, 257, 7586, 293, 536, 561, 25876, 926, 570, 456, 8782, 380, 668, 257, 291, 458, 300, 2378, 380, 668, 257, 452, 8310, 1286, 490, 472, 1081, 281, 1071, 341, 307, 505, 445, 1382, 281, 1565, 300, 957, 1002, 1752, 2950, 337, 291, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18485867833516684, 'compression_ratio': 1.5296803652968036, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008859148249030113}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 178328, 'start': 1804.28, 'end': 1806.28, 'text': ' Right.', 'tokens': [51414, 1779, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18485867833516684, 'compression_ratio': 1.5296803652968036, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008859148249030113}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 178328, 'start': 1806.28, 'end': 1812.28, 'text': ' Let me just try that again.', 'tokens': [51514, 961, 385, 445, 853, 300, 797, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18485867833516684, 'compression_ratio': 1.5296803652968036, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008859148249030113}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 181228, 'start': 1812.28, 'end': 1817.28, 'text': " There you go. I think that's worked that time.", 'tokens': [50364, 821, 291, 352, 13, 286, 519, 300, 311, 2732, 300, 565, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20171939202074735, 'compression_ratio': 1.2932330827067668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04555458575487137}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 181228, 'start': 1817.28, 'end': 1819.28, 'text': ' Yes, we see hell fire.', 'tokens': [50614, 1079, 11, 321, 536, 4921, 2610, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20171939202074735, 'compression_ratio': 1.2932330827067668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04555458575487137}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 181228, 'start': 1819.28, 'end': 1822.28, 'text': ' Hell fire raining down. Yeah.', 'tokens': [50714, 12090, 2610, 18441, 760, 13, 865, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20171939202074735, 'compression_ratio': 1.2932330827067668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04555458575487137}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 181228, 'start': 1822.28, 'end': 1828.28, 'text': " Well, I was going to introduce myself very briefly first. And that's me.", 'tokens': [50864, 1042, 11, 286, 390, 516, 281, 5366, 2059, 588, 10515, 700, 13, 400, 300, 311, 385, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20171939202074735, 'compression_ratio': 1.2932330827067668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04555458575487137}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 182828, 'start': 1828.28, 'end': 1836.28, 'text': ' The context of this talk more specifically is in the early days of GDPR I just turned around to focus.', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 4319, 295, 341, 751, 544, 4682, 307, 294, 264, 2440, 1708, 295, 19599, 49, 286, 445, 3574, 926, 281, 1879, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13364548281014685, 'compression_ratio': 1.5805084745762712, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13955256342887878}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 182828, 'start': 1836.28, 'end': 1851.28, 'text': " Unlike many I wasn't there to just cash in on on the frenzy what I what I was doing was trying to bring some of the transferable lessons from me doing cybersecurity governance at scale because I could see it coming down the pipe at everyone trying to do data protection.", 'tokens': [50764, 17657, 867, 286, 2067, 380, 456, 281, 445, 6388, 294, 322, 322, 264, 33596, 1229, 437, 286, 437, 286, 390, 884, 390, 1382, 281, 1565, 512, 295, 264, 5003, 712, 8820, 490, 385, 884, 38765, 17449, 412, 4373, 570, 286, 727, 536, 309, 1348, 760, 264, 11240, 412, 1518, 1382, 281, 360, 1412, 6334, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13364548281014685, 'compression_ratio': 1.5805084745762712, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13955256342887878}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 185128, 'start': 1851.28, 'end': 1865.28, 'text': ' So, I was, I was coming to bring my lessons learned. And in scoping those programs they were there was a massive focus on one of the core requirements which was to be able to list the kind of personal data processing you were doing.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 286, 390, 11, 286, 390, 1348, 281, 1565, 452, 8820, 3264, 13, 400, 294, 795, 26125, 729, 4268, 436, 645, 456, 390, 257, 5994, 1879, 322, 472, 295, 264, 4965, 7728, 597, 390, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 1329, 264, 733, 295, 2973, 1412, 9007, 291, 645, 884, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1352315655461064, 'compression_ratio': 1.4777070063694266, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041524387896060944}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 186528, 'start': 1865.28, 'end': 1881.28, 'text': " And the temptation was enormous with an awful lot of supportive communication from those marketing schools to say, let's get something that automatically calls the network to find personal data because it's something it's doing something.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 30423, 390, 11322, 365, 364, 11232, 688, 295, 14435, 6101, 490, 729, 6370, 4656, 281, 584, 11, 718, 311, 483, 746, 300, 6772, 5498, 264, 3209, 281, 915, 2973, 1412, 570, 309, 311, 746, 309, 311, 884, 746, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14965347074112803, 'compression_ratio': 1.5232558139534884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2244330197572708}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 186528, 'start': 1881.28, 'end': 1883.28, 'text': " It's solving a problem.", 'tokens': [51164, 467, 311, 12606, 257, 1154, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14965347074112803, 'compression_ratio': 1.5232558139534884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2244330197572708}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 188328, 'start': 1883.28, 'end': 1896.28, 'text': ' And so I was like, is it the right thing to do. I very, very strongly felt from all my experience in this game that it was not the right thing to do at that point in time and this is, this is talking about that journey and how mapping might have helped me have those communications.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 286, 390, 411, 11, 307, 309, 264, 558, 551, 281, 360, 13, 286, 588, 11, 588, 10613, 2762, 490, 439, 452, 1752, 294, 341, 1216, 300, 309, 390, 406, 264, 558, 551, 281, 360, 412, 300, 935, 294, 565, 293, 341, 307, 11, 341, 307, 1417, 466, 300, 4671, 293, 577, 18350, 1062, 362, 4254, 385, 362, 729, 15163, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18501403254847373, 'compression_ratio': 1.8144654088050314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6563516855239868}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 188328, 'start': 1896.28, 'end': 1912.28, 'text': ' So, yeah, so this is the context in which people are going please give me some tin that does the job for me please please that helped me find the personal data and put it into a record of processing activity, which was the compliance requirement driving people towards automated data discovery.', 'tokens': [51014, 407, 11, 1338, 11, 370, 341, 307, 264, 4319, 294, 597, 561, 366, 516, 1767, 976, 385, 512, 15935, 300, 775, 264, 1691, 337, 385, 1767, 1767, 300, 4254, 385, 915, 264, 2973, 1412, 293, 829, 309, 666, 257, 2136, 295, 9007, 5191, 11, 597, 390, 264, 15882, 11695, 4840, 561, 3030, 18473, 1412, 12114, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18501403254847373, 'compression_ratio': 1.8144654088050314, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6563516855239868}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 191228, 'start': 1913.28, 'end': 1927.28, 'text': " As you'll note here isn't just finding data though a record of processing activity need you to understand who's accountable for that data are you transferring it to other places how securely you looking after it when are you going to stop retaining it.", 'tokens': [50414, 1018, 291, 603, 3637, 510, 1943, 380, 445, 5006, 1412, 1673, 257, 2136, 295, 9007, 5191, 643, 291, 281, 1223, 567, 311, 18024, 337, 300, 1412, 366, 291, 31437, 309, 281, 661, 3190, 577, 38348, 291, 1237, 934, 309, 562, 366, 291, 516, 281, 1590, 34936, 309, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13127753056517436, 'compression_ratio': 1.7625418060200668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02475627325475216}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 191228, 'start': 1927.28, 'end': 1941.28, 'text': " What kind of data is it how sensitive is it and and these are the mandatory things to include a couple of them they're optional you can put as much about retention and security as you can reasonably understand when you first log those entries so is that where we want to go.", 'tokens': [51114, 708, 733, 295, 1412, 307, 309, 577, 9477, 307, 309, 293, 293, 613, 366, 264, 22173, 721, 281, 4090, 257, 1916, 295, 552, 436, 434, 17312, 291, 393, 829, 382, 709, 466, 22871, 293, 3825, 382, 291, 393, 23551, 1223, 562, 291, 700, 3565, 729, 23041, 370, 307, 300, 689, 321, 528, 281, 352, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13127753056517436, 'compression_ratio': 1.7625418060200668, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02475627325475216}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 194128, 'start': 1942.28, 'end': 1950.28, 'text': " And this is the other thing that usually scattered people and they didn't know what was a priority they didn't know how to prioritize they couldn't see their whole scope.", 'tokens': [50414, 400, 341, 307, 264, 661, 551, 300, 2673, 21986, 561, 293, 436, 994, 380, 458, 437, 390, 257, 9365, 436, 994, 380, 458, 577, 281, 25164, 436, 2809, 380, 536, 641, 1379, 11923, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14601600413419763, 'compression_ratio': 1.8132295719844358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024739482905715704}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 194128, 'start': 1950.28, 'end': 1965.28, 'text': " And the vast majority of folks focused on containers that they focused on a list of servers something in the configuration management database to work out about data but you know that tin doesn't understand the context of why you've got that data, where is it's coming from where is it going to.", 'tokens': [50814, 400, 264, 8369, 6286, 295, 4024, 5178, 322, 17089, 300, 436, 5178, 322, 257, 1329, 295, 15909, 746, 294, 264, 11694, 4592, 8149, 281, 589, 484, 466, 1412, 457, 291, 458, 300, 15935, 1177, 380, 1223, 264, 4319, 295, 983, 291, 600, 658, 300, 1412, 11, 689, 307, 309, 311, 1348, 490, 689, 307, 309, 516, 281, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14601600413419763, 'compression_ratio': 1.8132295719844358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024739482905715704}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 196528, 'start': 1966.28, 'end': 1975.28, 'text': " So, again, a lot of people spent an age trying to gather information about data in systems and it still didn't give them the intelligent information they needed.", 'tokens': [50414, 407, 11, 797, 11, 257, 688, 295, 561, 4418, 364, 3205, 1382, 281, 5448, 1589, 466, 1412, 294, 3652, 293, 309, 920, 994, 380, 976, 552, 264, 13232, 1589, 436, 2978, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09799696172325356, 'compression_ratio': 1.7773851590106007, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029755188152194023}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 196528, 'start': 1977.28, 'end': 1994.28, 'text': " There's also this context this is my amateur artwork, and perhaps there wasn't yet the motivation and understanding that we needed to change something or perhaps something else took the focus from the business that they need decided was more of a priority to focus on so there was a lot of dependency on where you were in this kind of cycle.", 'tokens': [50964, 821, 311, 611, 341, 4319, 341, 307, 452, 29339, 15829, 11, 293, 4317, 456, 2067, 380, 1939, 264, 12335, 293, 3701, 300, 321, 2978, 281, 1319, 746, 420, 4317, 746, 1646, 1890, 264, 1879, 490, 264, 1606, 300, 436, 643, 3047, 390, 544, 295, 257, 9365, 281, 1879, 322, 370, 456, 390, 257, 688, 295, 33621, 322, 689, 291, 645, 294, 341, 733, 295, 6586, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09799696172325356, 'compression_ratio': 1.7773851590106007, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029755188152194023}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 199528, 'start': 1995.28, 'end': 2003.28, 'text': ' And so this is the context of how the budget holders were viewing what you were trying to achieve within the business as well.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 341, 307, 264, 4319, 295, 577, 264, 4706, 29274, 645, 17480, 437, 291, 645, 1382, 281, 4584, 1951, 264, 1606, 382, 731, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27562701396453076, 'compression_ratio': 1.6761904761904762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005317416042089462}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 199528, 'start': 2004.28, 'end': 2018.28, 'text': ' And this is this is my version of the map of the challenge with this this automated data discovery this was this was almost sanity prevo serving work I took my crayons and I drew this out and then I designed it in PowerPoint.', 'tokens': [50814, 400, 341, 307, 341, 307, 452, 3037, 295, 264, 4471, 295, 264, 3430, 365, 341, 341, 18473, 1412, 12114, 341, 390, 341, 390, 1920, 47892, 659, 3080, 8148, 589, 286, 1890, 452, 33073, 892, 293, 286, 12804, 341, 484, 293, 550, 286, 4761, 309, 294, 25584, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27562701396453076, 'compression_ratio': 1.6761904761904762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005317416042089462}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 201828, 'start': 2018.28, 'end': 2028.28, 'text': " And I noticed that you scan the personal data when you find it but is it personal. Do you know you have to find someone to check with you have to have the knowledge you'll be trained or have someone who knows.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 5694, 300, 291, 11049, 264, 2973, 1412, 562, 291, 915, 309, 457, 307, 309, 2973, 13, 1144, 291, 458, 291, 362, 281, 915, 1580, 281, 1520, 365, 291, 362, 281, 362, 264, 3601, 291, 603, 312, 8895, 420, 362, 1580, 567, 3255, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18083950596996862, 'compression_ratio': 1.9185185185185185, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5376602411270142}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 201828, 'start': 2029.28, 'end': 2040.28, 'text': " Did you find someone is the purpose for processing it clear because when you do a record of processing activity is not about what the data is it's about why have you got it that everything hangs off.", 'tokens': [50914, 2589, 291, 915, 1580, 307, 264, 4334, 337, 9007, 309, 1850, 570, 562, 291, 360, 257, 2136, 295, 9007, 5191, 307, 406, 466, 437, 264, 1412, 307, 309, 311, 466, 983, 362, 291, 658, 309, 300, 1203, 35947, 766, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18083950596996862, 'compression_ratio': 1.9185185185185185, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5376602411270142}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 201828, 'start': 2040.28, 'end': 2046.28, 'text': ' Why do you have that data what are you planning to do with it. Does anybody know that can you find somebody.', 'tokens': [51464, 1545, 360, 291, 362, 300, 1412, 437, 366, 291, 5038, 281, 360, 365, 309, 13, 4402, 4472, 458, 300, 393, 291, 915, 2618, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18083950596996862, 'compression_ratio': 1.9185185185185185, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5376602411270142}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 204628, 'start': 2046.28, 'end': 2058.2799999999997, 'text': " Is if you found that out are you doing this compliant. Is it appropriate is it optimized for purpose. Do you know no you're going to you can't drive that knowledge out of the data protection function you need to talk to the business.", 'tokens': [50364, 1119, 498, 291, 1352, 300, 484, 366, 291, 884, 341, 36248, 13, 1119, 309, 6854, 307, 309, 26941, 337, 4334, 13, 1144, 291, 458, 572, 291, 434, 516, 281, 291, 393, 380, 3332, 300, 3601, 484, 295, 264, 1412, 6334, 2445, 291, 643, 281, 751, 281, 264, 1606, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.162905681964963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7440758293838863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008335860446095467}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 204628, 'start': 2059.2799999999997, 'end': 2065.2799999999997, 'text': " And if it's not if you don't have an appropriate purpose and you're not doing it compliantly you're going to have to fix that problem.", 'tokens': [51014, 400, 498, 309, 311, 406, 498, 291, 500, 380, 362, 364, 6854, 4334, 293, 291, 434, 406, 884, 309, 36248, 356, 291, 434, 516, 281, 362, 281, 3191, 300, 1154, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.162905681964963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7440758293838863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008335860446095467}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 206528, 'start': 2065.28, 'end': 2077.28, 'text': " If you are doing it compliantly you log it for your future use so it's a massive picture that all joins up and the tool is only going to solve a part of this.", 'tokens': [50364, 759, 291, 366, 884, 309, 36248, 356, 291, 3565, 309, 337, 428, 2027, 764, 370, 309, 311, 257, 5994, 3036, 300, 439, 24397, 493, 293, 264, 2290, 307, 787, 516, 281, 5039, 257, 644, 295, 341, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11214466309279539, 'compression_ratio': 1.7291666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17665888369083405}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 206528, 'start': 2079.28, 'end': 2094.28, 'text': " And then there's all the other context questions. So that's question about do you understand the context about your databases but also your emails with personal data on your internet or obviously also the internet file servers data lakes paper hard drives.", 'tokens': [51064, 400, 550, 456, 311, 439, 264, 661, 4319, 1651, 13, 407, 300, 311, 1168, 466, 360, 291, 1223, 264, 4319, 466, 428, 22380, 457, 611, 428, 12524, 365, 2973, 1412, 322, 428, 4705, 420, 2745, 611, 264, 4705, 3991, 15909, 1412, 25595, 3035, 1152, 11754, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11214466309279539, 'compression_ratio': 1.7291666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17665888369083405}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 209428, 'start': 2094.28, 'end': 2106.28, 'text': ' And is it just going to give you information about metadata or is it looking at content is it sensitive which ups the risk. Is it structured and structured that it will cover is it what about your false positives and negatives what level of that.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 307, 309, 445, 516, 281, 976, 291, 1589, 466, 26603, 420, 307, 309, 1237, 412, 2701, 307, 309, 9477, 597, 15497, 264, 3148, 13, 1119, 309, 18519, 293, 18519, 300, 309, 486, 2060, 307, 309, 437, 466, 428, 7908, 35127, 293, 40019, 437, 1496, 295, 300, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17135771237886868, 'compression_ratio': 1.6179775280898876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004637908190488815}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 209428, 'start': 2106.28, 'end': 2109.28, 'text': " But this isn't even the end of the story.", 'tokens': [50964, 583, 341, 1943, 380, 754, 264, 917, 295, 264, 1657, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17135771237886868, 'compression_ratio': 1.6179775280898876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004637908190488815}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 210928, 'start': 2110.28, 'end': 2121.28, 'text': " You've got the same challenges for your service external it you've got the same challenges for your cloud vendors on probably these days, more like this.", 'tokens': [50414, 509, 600, 658, 264, 912, 4759, 337, 428, 2643, 8320, 309, 291, 600, 658, 264, 912, 4759, 337, 428, 4588, 22056, 322, 1391, 613, 1708, 11, 544, 411, 341, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1201863032515331, 'compression_ratio': 1.7786561264822134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0732656791806221}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 210928, 'start': 2121.28, 'end': 2125.28, 'text': " You've got your remote workforce everything there's not really a boundary.", 'tokens': [50964, 509, 600, 658, 428, 8607, 14201, 1203, 456, 311, 406, 534, 257, 12866, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1201863032515331, 'compression_ratio': 1.7786561264822134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0732656791806221}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 210928, 'start': 2125.28, 'end': 2137.28, 'text': " So, hopefully what I've illustrated here or what I'm trying to illustrate is it's a massive challenge of uncertainty and collaboration within the business to get you to the point where you understand your core processing.", 'tokens': [51164, 407, 11, 4696, 437, 286, 600, 33875, 510, 420, 437, 286, 478, 1382, 281, 23221, 307, 309, 311, 257, 5994, 3430, 295, 15697, 293, 9363, 1951, 264, 1606, 281, 483, 291, 281, 264, 935, 689, 291, 1223, 428, 4965, 9007, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1201863032515331, 'compression_ratio': 1.7786561264822134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0732656791806221}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 213728, 'start': 2137.28, 'end': 2141.28, 'text': ' You need a point of start and you need to know your priorities.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 643, 257, 935, 295, 722, 293, 291, 643, 281, 458, 428, 15503, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1311948675858347, 'compression_ratio': 1.7627737226277371, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02788691408932209}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 213728, 'start': 2141.28, 'end': 2150.28, 'text': " Because this green portion of fully automated data discovery it's only one third, potentially if you're lucky of each of those cycles for each of those domains.", 'tokens': [50564, 1436, 341, 3092, 8044, 295, 4498, 18473, 1412, 12114, 309, 311, 787, 472, 2636, 11, 7263, 498, 291, 434, 6356, 295, 1184, 295, 729, 17796, 337, 1184, 295, 729, 25514, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1311948675858347, 'compression_ratio': 1.7627737226277371, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02788691408932209}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 213728, 'start': 2150.28, 'end': 2156.28, 'text': ' So, one of the critical things in terms of auditing compliance is you need to understand your residual risk.', 'tokens': [51014, 407, 11, 472, 295, 264, 4924, 721, 294, 2115, 295, 2379, 1748, 15882, 307, 291, 643, 281, 1223, 428, 27980, 3148, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1311948675858347, 'compression_ratio': 1.7627737226277371, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02788691408932209}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 213728, 'start': 2156.28, 'end': 2163.28, 'text': " It doesn't matter if you can't cover the whole piece it doesn't matter if there's a gap in your tooling jigsaw, as long as you understand what it is.", 'tokens': [51314, 467, 1177, 380, 1871, 498, 291, 393, 380, 2060, 264, 1379, 2522, 309, 1177, 380, 1871, 498, 456, 311, 257, 7417, 294, 428, 46593, 361, 17156, 1607, 11, 382, 938, 382, 291, 1223, 437, 309, 307, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1311948675858347, 'compression_ratio': 1.7627737226277371, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02788691408932209}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 216328, 'start': 2163.28, 'end': 2170.28, 'text': " But you need to get to the point to be able to understand and a tool doesn't do that for you a tool will focus on what it can fix.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 291, 643, 281, 483, 281, 264, 935, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 1223, 293, 257, 2290, 1177, 380, 360, 300, 337, 291, 257, 2290, 486, 1879, 322, 437, 309, 393, 3191, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08324462292241115, 'compression_ratio': 1.711111111111111, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010652943514287472}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 216328, 'start': 2170.28, 'end': 2177.28, 'text': " It doesn't help you get your arms around the bigger picture of what you actually need to govern.", 'tokens': [50714, 467, 1177, 380, 854, 291, 483, 428, 5812, 926, 264, 3801, 3036, 295, 437, 291, 767, 643, 281, 1980, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08324462292241115, 'compression_ratio': 1.711111111111111, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010652943514287472}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 216328, 'start': 2177.28, 'end': 2191.28, 'text': " So how did we do with this automated data processing. Well, we solved about a third of the problem of listing the data we're processing, likely with the requirements gathering implementation tuning finding someone to answer questions.", 'tokens': [51064, 407, 577, 630, 321, 360, 365, 341, 18473, 1412, 9007, 13, 1042, 11, 321, 13041, 466, 257, 2636, 295, 264, 1154, 295, 22161, 264, 1412, 321, 434, 9007, 11, 3700, 365, 264, 7728, 13519, 11420, 15164, 5006, 1580, 281, 1867, 1651, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08324462292241115, 'compression_ratio': 1.711111111111111, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010652943514287472}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 219128, 'start': 2191.28, 'end': 2196.28, 'text': ' In far too much time, maybe a year, maybe two years.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 1400, 886, 709, 565, 11, 1310, 257, 1064, 11, 1310, 732, 924, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12854504808087217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7433962264150944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016230415552854538}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 219128, 'start': 2196.28, 'end': 2201.28, 'text': ' Well, that was all of the results and time you had to do your entire compare compliance program.', 'tokens': [50614, 1042, 11, 300, 390, 439, 295, 264, 3542, 293, 565, 291, 632, 281, 360, 428, 2302, 6794, 15882, 1461, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12854504808087217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7433962264150944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016230415552854538}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 219128, 'start': 2201.28, 'end': 2205.28, 'text': ' And all you have is half an idea of how much data is in which system.', 'tokens': [50864, 400, 439, 291, 362, 307, 1922, 364, 1558, 295, 577, 709, 1412, 307, 294, 597, 1185, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12854504808087217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7433962264150944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016230415552854538}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 219128, 'start': 2205.28, 'end': 2219.28, 'text': ' This is this is being unfair to some very, very good tools around there but you need the context of your data governance maturity and your understanding of your data processing is state and your stakeholders lined up in order to cope with it.', 'tokens': [51064, 639, 307, 341, 307, 885, 17019, 281, 512, 588, 11, 588, 665, 3873, 926, 456, 457, 291, 643, 264, 4319, 295, 428, 1412, 17449, 28874, 293, 428, 3701, 295, 428, 1412, 9007, 307, 1785, 293, 428, 17779, 17189, 493, 294, 1668, 281, 22598, 365, 309, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12854504808087217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7433962264150944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016230415552854538}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 221928, 'start': 2219.28, 'end': 2232.28, 'text': " So needless to say, you're not solving much of a problem is another way of showing you these. These are some of the line items and potentially a whole data protection program.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 643, 1832, 281, 584, 11, 291, 434, 406, 12606, 709, 295, 257, 1154, 307, 1071, 636, 295, 4099, 291, 613, 13, 1981, 366, 512, 295, 264, 1622, 4754, 293, 7263, 257, 1379, 1412, 6334, 1461, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14905369849432082, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036036036036037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009785601869225502}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 221928, 'start': 2232.28, 'end': 2241.28, 'text': " And that reminded me of something as soon as I started to become aware of waddling maps. This is really it's a very detailed slide it's very worthy I'm happy to share these slides.", 'tokens': [51014, 400, 300, 15920, 385, 295, 746, 382, 2321, 382, 286, 1409, 281, 1813, 3650, 295, 261, 25224, 1688, 11317, 13, 639, 307, 534, 309, 311, 257, 588, 9942, 4137, 309, 311, 588, 14829, 286, 478, 2055, 281, 2073, 613, 9788, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14905369849432082, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036036036036037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009785601869225502}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 224128, 'start': 2242.28, 'end': 2251.28, 'text': " And, but this is the Sun's new cycle that shows you the elements that you need to consider when you're looking at strategy.", 'tokens': [50414, 400, 11, 457, 341, 307, 264, 6163, 311, 777, 6586, 300, 3110, 291, 264, 4959, 300, 291, 643, 281, 1949, 562, 291, 434, 1237, 412, 5206, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17397570846104385, 'compression_ratio': 1.625984251968504, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6361327171325684}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 224128, 'start': 2251.28, 'end': 2260.28, 'text': ' And really I was looking at all of them I was looking at, you know, I mean a position to take advantage of this army mature enough do we have capacity to do it now.', 'tokens': [50864, 400, 534, 286, 390, 1237, 412, 439, 295, 552, 286, 390, 1237, 412, 11, 291, 458, 11, 286, 914, 257, 2535, 281, 747, 5002, 295, 341, 7267, 14442, 1547, 360, 321, 362, 6042, 281, 360, 309, 586, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17397570846104385, 'compression_ratio': 1.625984251968504, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6361327171325684}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 224128, 'start': 2260.28, 'end': 2267.28, 'text': " How do we get there if we if we don't. What are the external factors and massive drive to be compliant by a particular date.", 'tokens': [51314, 1012, 360, 321, 483, 456, 498, 321, 498, 321, 500, 380, 13, 708, 366, 264, 8320, 6771, 293, 5994, 3332, 281, 312, 36248, 538, 257, 1729, 4002, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17397570846104385, 'compression_ratio': 1.625984251968504, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6361327171325684}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 226728, 'start': 2267.28, 'end': 2272.28, 'text': ' And also a tooling frenzy because it was comforting to have.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 611, 257, 46593, 33596, 1229, 570, 309, 390, 38439, 281, 362, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11857281842278046, 'compression_ratio': 1.6763485477178424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007010959088802338}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 226728, 'start': 2272.28, 'end': 2278.28, 'text': " If we can't do that can we pivot and if we optimize for all that what do we achieve and is it the right stuff.", 'tokens': [50614, 759, 321, 393, 380, 360, 300, 393, 321, 14538, 293, 498, 321, 19719, 337, 439, 300, 437, 360, 321, 4584, 293, 307, 309, 264, 558, 1507, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11857281842278046, 'compression_ratio': 1.6763485477178424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007010959088802338}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 226728, 'start': 2278.28, 'end': 2290.28, 'text': " So this isn't this isn't a polished map. This is this is in a demonstration of you just need to get stuck in and try and I wouldn't recommend anyone takes me as a tutor for mapping.", 'tokens': [50914, 407, 341, 1943, 380, 341, 1943, 380, 257, 29079, 4471, 13, 639, 307, 341, 307, 294, 257, 16520, 295, 291, 445, 643, 281, 483, 5541, 294, 293, 853, 293, 286, 2759, 380, 2748, 2878, 2516, 385, 382, 257, 35613, 337, 18350, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11857281842278046, 'compression_ratio': 1.6763485477178424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007010959088802338}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 226728, 'start': 2290.28, 'end': 2293.28, 'text': ' This is me at the beginning of my mapping journey.', 'tokens': [51514, 639, 307, 385, 412, 264, 2863, 295, 452, 18350, 4671, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11857281842278046, 'compression_ratio': 1.6763485477178424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007010959088802338}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 229328, 'start': 2293.28, 'end': 2302.28, 'text': ' So, and yeah, this is the map.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 293, 1338, 11, 341, 307, 264, 4471, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1489401012659073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004403117578476667}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 229328, 'start': 2302.28, 'end': 2321.28, 'text': ' My principle for mapping this because we are looking at all of the information inputs and the things that need to contribute to in terms of expertise and time, and all the things that are dependent upon each element that contributes towards being able to evidence data', 'tokens': [50814, 1222, 8665, 337, 18350, 341, 570, 321, 366, 1237, 412, 439, 295, 264, 1589, 15743, 293, 264, 721, 300, 643, 281, 10586, 281, 294, 2115, 295, 11769, 293, 565, 11, 293, 439, 264, 721, 300, 366, 12334, 3564, 1184, 4478, 300, 32035, 3030, 885, 1075, 281, 4467, 1412, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1489401012659073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004403117578476667}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 232128, 'start': 2321.28, 'end': 2342.28, 'text': " protection compliance because the need driving this is the board needing to evidence data protection compliance and what's happening is the the marketing noise around automated data discovery was drowning out the bigger picture of what evidence in data protection compliance actually means.", 'tokens': [50364, 6334, 15882, 570, 264, 643, 4840, 341, 307, 264, 3150, 18006, 281, 4467, 1412, 6334, 15882, 293, 437, 311, 2737, 307, 264, 264, 6370, 5658, 926, 18473, 1412, 12114, 390, 37198, 484, 264, 3801, 3036, 295, 437, 4467, 294, 1412, 6334, 15882, 767, 1355, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22359096760652503, 'compression_ratio': 1.8012422360248448, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10543227195739746}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 234228, 'start': 2342.28, 'end': 2346.28, 'text': ' So this was the first step in trying to put back that context.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 390, 264, 700, 1823, 294, 1382, 281, 829, 646, 300, 4319, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09437203407287598, 'compression_ratio': 1.7661870503597121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27449876070022583}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 234228, 'start': 2346.28, 'end': 2353.28, 'text': ' So you have your record of processing activity your data mapping and your data discovery which is really what you get out of the box from this tool.', 'tokens': [50564, 407, 291, 362, 428, 2136, 295, 9007, 5191, 428, 1412, 18350, 293, 428, 1412, 12114, 597, 307, 534, 437, 291, 483, 484, 295, 264, 2424, 490, 341, 2290, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09437203407287598, 'compression_ratio': 1.7661870503597121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27449876070022583}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 234228, 'start': 2353.28, 'end': 2362.28, 'text': " We all know that you need to have exception management and manual audit to work out all those. Do you know if it's personal. Do you know if it's compliant questions.", 'tokens': [50914, 492, 439, 458, 300, 291, 643, 281, 362, 11183, 4592, 293, 9688, 17748, 281, 589, 484, 439, 729, 13, 1144, 291, 458, 498, 309, 311, 2973, 13, 1144, 291, 458, 498, 309, 311, 36248, 1651, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09437203407287598, 'compression_ratio': 1.7661870503597121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27449876070022583}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 234228, 'start': 2362.28, 'end': 2368.28, 'text': ' You need local awareness to do that. You need a racy worked out so people know some of that is part of their job.', 'tokens': [51364, 509, 643, 2654, 8888, 281, 360, 300, 13, 509, 643, 257, 367, 2551, 2732, 484, 370, 561, 458, 512, 295, 300, 307, 644, 295, 641, 1691, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09437203407287598, 'compression_ratio': 1.7661870503597121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27449876070022583}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 236828, 'start': 2368.28, 'end': 2384.28, 'text': " You need a triage you need to be able to work out what your priorities are to aim this out you don't roll something like this out across the entire estate and have it to do list as long as the Amazon, and that never gets done you look at what exception management and outputs look like.", 'tokens': [50364, 509, 643, 257, 1376, 609, 291, 643, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 589, 484, 437, 428, 15503, 366, 281, 5939, 341, 484, 291, 500, 380, 3373, 746, 411, 341, 484, 2108, 264, 2302, 9749, 293, 362, 309, 281, 360, 1329, 382, 938, 382, 264, 6795, 11, 293, 300, 1128, 2170, 1096, 291, 574, 412, 437, 11183, 4592, 293, 23930, 574, 411, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15492376180795522, 'compression_ratio': 1.5977653631284916, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11416886746883392}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 238428, 'start': 2384.28, 'end': 2395.28, 'text': " And you're always working with ideally, but intention with all of the more mature commoditized things on the right hand side.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 291, 434, 1009, 1364, 365, 22915, 11, 457, 7789, 365, 439, 295, 264, 544, 14442, 19931, 270, 1602, 721, 322, 264, 558, 1011, 1252, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10303835019673387, 'compression_ratio': 1.5671641791044777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6128692030906677}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 238428, 'start': 2395.28, 'end': 2401.28, 'text': " You're working with all the revenue generating functions trying to still carry on with their job.", 'tokens': [50914, 509, 434, 1364, 365, 439, 264, 9324, 17746, 6828, 1382, 281, 920, 3985, 322, 365, 641, 1691, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10303835019673387, 'compression_ratio': 1.5671641791044777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6128692030906677}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 238428, 'start': 2401.28, 'end': 2409.28, 'text': ' So my next stage was to work out well what can you actually start to move on in this space.', 'tokens': [51214, 407, 452, 958, 3233, 390, 281, 589, 484, 731, 437, 393, 291, 767, 722, 281, 1286, 322, 294, 341, 1901, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10303835019673387, 'compression_ratio': 1.5671641791044777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6128692030906677}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 240928, 'start': 2409.28, 'end': 2418.28, 'text': ' Well, this is a picture of all the things that you rely on upon the rest of the business to give you from from the data mapping point of view.', 'tokens': [50364, 1042, 11, 341, 307, 257, 3036, 295, 439, 264, 721, 300, 291, 10687, 322, 3564, 264, 1472, 295, 264, 1606, 281, 976, 291, 490, 490, 264, 1412, 18350, 935, 295, 1910, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0915758055869979, 'compression_ratio': 1.7419354838709677, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014055811800062656}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 240928, 'start': 2418.28, 'end': 2428.28, 'text': " And it's just simplifying it down to all the things we can't really influence things that are important to make it work that aren't really under data protections control.", 'tokens': [50814, 400, 309, 311, 445, 6883, 5489, 309, 760, 281, 439, 264, 721, 321, 393, 380, 534, 6503, 721, 300, 366, 1021, 281, 652, 309, 589, 300, 3212, 380, 534, 833, 1412, 29031, 1969, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0915758055869979, 'compression_ratio': 1.7419354838709677, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014055811800062656}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 240928, 'start': 2428.28, 'end': 2436.28, 'text': " So there's some substantial inputs there which we can't do much about so there's another lens to look at that through.", 'tokens': [51314, 407, 456, 311, 512, 16726, 15743, 456, 597, 321, 393, 380, 360, 709, 466, 370, 456, 311, 1071, 6765, 281, 574, 412, 300, 807, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0915758055869979, 'compression_ratio': 1.7419354838709677, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014055811800062656}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 243628, 'start': 2436.28, 'end': 2447.28, 'text': " This lens is saying what what stuff can we lay groundwork for. And at this stage I've removed automated data processing because it was actually influencing so little of the picture.", 'tokens': [50364, 639, 6765, 307, 1566, 437, 437, 1507, 393, 321, 2360, 2727, 1902, 337, 13, 400, 412, 341, 3233, 286, 600, 7261, 18473, 1412, 9007, 570, 309, 390, 767, 40396, 370, 707, 295, 264, 3036, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07017452797193206, 'compression_ratio': 1.6945606694560669, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966642215847969}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 243628, 'start': 2447.28, 'end': 2453.28, 'text': " I've reverted back to looking at the actual need, which is to demonstrate data protection compliance.", 'tokens': [50914, 286, 600, 319, 18537, 646, 281, 1237, 412, 264, 3539, 643, 11, 597, 307, 281, 11698, 1412, 6334, 15882, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07017452797193206, 'compression_ratio': 1.6945606694560669, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966642215847969}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 243628, 'start': 2453.28, 'end': 2460.28, 'text': " So I've looked at the things that the data protection or security team can start to lay groundwork for change to do with.", 'tokens': [51214, 407, 286, 600, 2956, 412, 264, 721, 300, 264, 1412, 6334, 420, 3825, 1469, 393, 722, 281, 2360, 2727, 1902, 337, 1319, 281, 360, 365, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07017452797193206, 'compression_ratio': 1.6945606694560669, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966642215847969}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 246028, 'start': 2460.28, 'end': 2476.28, 'text': ' Really they cannot start to change data collection points change management customer journeys and supply selection that is part woven into in the business context I was looking just corporate very, very immovable resistant change environment.', 'tokens': [50364, 4083, 436, 2644, 722, 281, 1319, 1412, 5765, 2793, 1319, 4592, 5474, 36736, 293, 5847, 9450, 300, 307, 644, 39221, 666, 294, 264, 1606, 4319, 286, 390, 1237, 445, 10896, 588, 11, 588, 566, 3280, 17915, 20383, 1319, 2823, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11677098561482258, 'compression_ratio': 1.626984126984127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019759899005293846}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 246028, 'start': 2476.28, 'end': 2487.28, 'text': " So you can lay a lot of groundwork. It's an awful lot of upfront work to be able to start to demonstrate compliance you need to have these things in place and working.", 'tokens': [51164, 407, 291, 393, 2360, 257, 688, 295, 2727, 1902, 13, 467, 311, 364, 11232, 688, 295, 30264, 589, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 722, 281, 11698, 15882, 291, 643, 281, 362, 613, 721, 294, 1081, 293, 1364, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11677098561482258, 'compression_ratio': 1.626984126984127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019759899005293846}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 248728, 'start': 2487.28, 'end': 2490.28, 'text': ' But when it comes to actually implementing it.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 562, 309, 1487, 281, 767, 18114, 309, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07560643211739962, 'compression_ratio': 1.5568181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011335588060319424}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 248728, 'start': 2490.28, 'end': 2499.28, 'text': " Most of those things cannot be implemented unless you have the buy in unless you've identified the parts that the rest of the business contribute into it.", 'tokens': [50514, 4534, 295, 729, 721, 2644, 312, 12270, 5969, 291, 362, 264, 2256, 294, 5969, 291, 600, 9234, 264, 3166, 300, 264, 1472, 295, 264, 1606, 10586, 666, 309, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07560643211739962, 'compression_ratio': 1.5568181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011335588060319424}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 248728, 'start': 2499.28, 'end': 2504.28, 'text': " So this was demonstrating to stakeholders, we can't do this without you.", 'tokens': [50964, 407, 341, 390, 29889, 281, 17779, 11, 321, 393, 380, 360, 341, 1553, 291, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07560643211739962, 'compression_ratio': 1.5568181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011335588060319424}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 250428, 'start': 2504.28, 'end': 2520.28, 'text': " We can lay the groundwork but we can't do this without you. We need to have support to do the upfront work to enable it to be as painless, simple, quick and easy as possible to collaborate with us to bring you the picture of data protection compliance.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 393, 2360, 264, 2727, 1902, 457, 321, 393, 380, 360, 341, 1553, 291, 13, 492, 643, 281, 362, 1406, 281, 360, 264, 30264, 589, 281, 9528, 309, 281, 312, 382, 1822, 1832, 11, 2199, 11, 1702, 293, 1858, 382, 1944, 281, 18338, 365, 505, 281, 1565, 291, 264, 3036, 295, 1412, 6334, 15882, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09826217263431872, 'compression_ratio': 1.5180722891566265, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13237613439559937}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 252028, 'start': 2520.28, 'end': 2526.28, 'text': " And that's really sort of looking at the what goes on in the back end that adds the extra layers of value to mapping.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 534, 1333, 295, 1237, 412, 264, 437, 1709, 322, 294, 264, 646, 917, 300, 10860, 264, 2857, 7914, 295, 2158, 281, 18350, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11579843000932173, 'compression_ratio': 1.7564575645756457, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034009695053100586}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 252028, 'start': 2526.28, 'end': 2541.28, 'text': " It's really understanding the environment you're delivering it into there really wasn't a lot of appetite because we were in a massive sales push and a really big strategic drive to evolve the business so there was very little appetite to change supply and selection and change", 'tokens': [50664, 467, 311, 534, 3701, 264, 2823, 291, 434, 14666, 309, 666, 456, 534, 2067, 380, 257, 688, 295, 23996, 570, 321, 645, 294, 257, 5994, 5763, 2944, 293, 257, 534, 955, 10924, 3332, 281, 16693, 264, 1606, 370, 456, 390, 588, 707, 23996, 281, 1319, 5847, 293, 9450, 293, 1319, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11579843000932173, 'compression_ratio': 1.7564575645756457, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034009695053100586}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 252028, 'start': 2541.28, 'end': 2545.28, 'text': ' processes because so much was changing so many suppliers were being on board it.', 'tokens': [51414, 7555, 570, 370, 709, 390, 4473, 370, 867, 29467, 645, 885, 322, 3150, 309, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11579843000932173, 'compression_ratio': 1.7564575645756457, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034009695053100586}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 254528, 'start': 2546.28, 'end': 2553.28, 'text': ' There was no one would really spare capacity and time in the business to support that implementation phase.', 'tokens': [50414, 821, 390, 572, 472, 576, 534, 13798, 6042, 293, 565, 294, 264, 1606, 281, 1406, 300, 11420, 5574, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10504116731531479, 'compression_ratio': 1.6909871244635193, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11807967722415924}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 254528, 'start': 2553.28, 'end': 2566.28, 'text': ' The security triage that was usually mainly lacking by which I mean, working out the things that make something a priority which makes something a high inherent risk that needed to be put in place to direct effort for all steps of this.', 'tokens': [50764, 440, 3825, 1376, 609, 300, 390, 2673, 8704, 20889, 538, 597, 286, 914, 11, 1364, 484, 264, 721, 300, 652, 746, 257, 9365, 597, 1669, 746, 257, 1090, 26387, 3148, 300, 2978, 281, 312, 829, 294, 1081, 281, 2047, 4630, 337, 439, 4439, 295, 341, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10504116731531479, 'compression_ratio': 1.6909871244635193, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11807967722415924}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 254528, 'start': 2566.28, 'end': 2569.28, 'text': " There wasn't a lot of appetite to do that either.", 'tokens': [51414, 821, 2067, 380, 257, 688, 295, 23996, 281, 360, 300, 2139, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10504116731531479, 'compression_ratio': 1.6909871244635193, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11807967722415924}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 256928, 'start': 2569.28, 'end': 2580.28, 'text': " And for all of the understanding that GDPR was a big deal. They're also with an awful lot of fear about the changes that was bringing there was really concerned about how much the marketing database was going to have to go.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 337, 439, 295, 264, 3701, 300, 19599, 49, 390, 257, 955, 2028, 13, 814, 434, 611, 365, 364, 11232, 688, 295, 4240, 466, 264, 2962, 300, 390, 5062, 456, 390, 534, 5922, 466, 577, 709, 264, 6370, 8149, 390, 516, 281, 362, 281, 352, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10107898712158203, 'compression_ratio': 1.5964125560538116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002860743785277009}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 256928, 'start': 2580.28, 'end': 2592.28, 'text': ' And that was driving a lot of defensiveness and incredible amount of inertia and outright conflict with the attempts of the program.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 300, 390, 4840, 257, 688, 295, 47746, 8477, 293, 4651, 2372, 295, 37234, 293, 35189, 6596, 365, 264, 15257, 295, 264, 1461, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10107898712158203, 'compression_ratio': 1.5964125560538116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002860743785277009}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 259228, 'start': 2592.28, 'end': 2601.28, 'text': ' So it was then trying to delve down to where can we nudge where can we try and impact this situation a little bit.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 390, 550, 1382, 281, 43098, 760, 281, 689, 393, 321, 297, 16032, 689, 393, 321, 853, 293, 2712, 341, 2590, 257, 707, 857, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10179520845413208, 'compression_ratio': 1.7647058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021018056198954582}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 259228, 'start': 2601.28, 'end': 2613.28, 'text': ' So we stripped away all those chaotic lines to show you where things were least mature and where things needed to move the furthest and the things that had the most connections to them which were the things with the clouds in in the first place.', 'tokens': [50814, 407, 321, 33221, 1314, 439, 729, 27013, 3876, 281, 855, 291, 689, 721, 645, 1935, 14442, 293, 689, 721, 2978, 281, 1286, 264, 2687, 36356, 293, 264, 721, 300, 632, 264, 881, 9271, 281, 552, 597, 645, 264, 721, 365, 264, 12193, 294, 294, 264, 700, 1081, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10179520845413208, 'compression_ratio': 1.7647058823529411, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021018056198954582}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 261328, 'start': 2613.28, 'end': 2625.28, 'text': ' With data protection awareness, people actually understanding which part of this was their job and the triage piece needed to be far more mature, essentially existing within the structures and processes in the business.', 'tokens': [50364, 2022, 1412, 6334, 8888, 11, 561, 767, 3701, 597, 644, 295, 341, 390, 641, 1691, 293, 264, 1376, 609, 2522, 2978, 281, 312, 1400, 544, 14442, 11, 4476, 6741, 1951, 264, 9227, 293, 7555, 294, 264, 1606, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09160777727762857, 'compression_ratio': 1.5698924731182795, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22848813235759735}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 261328, 'start': 2625.28, 'end': 2630.28, 'text': ' And they also needed to be uplifted to a far higher level of visibility.', 'tokens': [50964, 400, 436, 611, 2978, 281, 312, 45407, 292, 281, 257, 1400, 2946, 1496, 295, 19883, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09160777727762857, 'compression_ratio': 1.5698924731182795, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22848813235759735}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 263028, 'start': 2630.28, 'end': 2643.28, 'text': " We also needed to improve maturity for data protection impact assessments because if you're going to bring stakeholders on board they need to understand why and data protection impact assessment drives out the context and the risks for high risk stuff.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 611, 2978, 281, 3470, 28874, 337, 1412, 6334, 2712, 24338, 570, 498, 291, 434, 516, 281, 1565, 17779, 322, 3150, 436, 643, 281, 1223, 983, 293, 1412, 6334, 2712, 9687, 11754, 484, 264, 4319, 293, 264, 10888, 337, 1090, 3148, 1507, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08893420424642443, 'compression_ratio': 1.7946428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10547813028097153}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 263028, 'start': 2643.28, 'end': 2652.28, 'text': ' Europa needs to be more mature, but that is actually going to be a secondary effect of a lot of the other uplift and data protection risk management.', 'tokens': [51014, 16642, 2203, 281, 312, 544, 14442, 11, 457, 300, 307, 767, 516, 281, 312, 257, 11396, 1802, 295, 257, 688, 295, 264, 661, 45407, 293, 1412, 6334, 3148, 4592, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08893420424642443, 'compression_ratio': 1.7946428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10547813028097153}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 265228, 'start': 2652.28, 'end': 2681.28, 'text': " Most of the time in business as you're delivering this stuff into the risk matrix doesn't even talk about impact on data subjects. So you need that's a big cultural shift that you need to move as long as well as mechanisms to even if it's objective have some consistent scaling for the level of data protection risk that is very much not a mature area globally right now still the concept of harms are very immature and not very helpful for our job of trying to incorporate these things into a risk matrix.", 'tokens': [50364, 4534, 295, 264, 565, 294, 1606, 382, 291, 434, 14666, 341, 1507, 666, 264, 3148, 8141, 1177, 380, 754, 751, 466, 2712, 322, 1412, 13066, 13, 407, 291, 643, 300, 311, 257, 955, 6988, 5513, 300, 291, 643, 281, 1286, 382, 938, 382, 731, 382, 15902, 281, 754, 498, 309, 311, 10024, 362, 512, 8398, 21589, 337, 264, 1496, 295, 1412, 6334, 3148, 300, 307, 588, 709, 406, 257, 14442, 1859, 18958, 558, 586, 920, 264, 3410, 295, 48505, 366, 588, 49539, 293, 406, 588, 4961, 337, 527, 1691, 295, 1382, 281, 16091, 613, 721, 666, 257, 3148, 8141, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1874259068415715, 'compression_ratio': 1.726962457337884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04679854214191437}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 268128, 'start': 2682.28, 'end': 2694.28, 'text': " And breach management, you cannot avoid having the stall set out if something goes wrong while you're in the midst of this it needs to be reasonably mature and at least bring it up to speed with your security incident management plug it into what you have.", 'tokens': [50414, 400, 31086, 4592, 11, 291, 2644, 5042, 1419, 264, 19633, 992, 484, 498, 746, 1709, 2085, 1339, 291, 434, 294, 264, 18629, 295, 341, 309, 2203, 281, 312, 23551, 14442, 293, 412, 1935, 1565, 309, 493, 281, 3073, 365, 428, 3825, 9348, 4592, 5452, 309, 666, 437, 291, 362, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09576213482728939, 'compression_ratio': 1.6967509025270757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027700098231434822}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 268128, 'start': 2694.28, 'end': 2707.28, 'text': ' So what did, what did this achieve. This picture I could not have put together from a standing start I needed the pre existing maps to understand this context to be able to paint the strategic development picture.', 'tokens': [51014, 407, 437, 630, 11, 437, 630, 341, 4584, 13, 639, 3036, 286, 727, 406, 362, 829, 1214, 490, 257, 4877, 722, 286, 2978, 264, 659, 6741, 11317, 281, 1223, 341, 4319, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 4225, 264, 10924, 3250, 3036, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09576213482728939, 'compression_ratio': 1.6967509025270757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027700098231434822}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 270728, 'start': 2707.28, 'end': 2716.28, 'text': " I needed to create these maps to be able to paint the picture that didn't include automated data discovery in the first instance.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 2978, 281, 1884, 613, 11317, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 4225, 264, 3036, 300, 994, 380, 4090, 18473, 1412, 12114, 294, 264, 700, 5197, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08575269154139928, 'compression_ratio': 1.5470588235294118, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027806295547634363}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 270728, 'start': 2716.28, 'end': 2724.28, 'text': ' We ended up with commitment after this mapping exercise and conversations to invest in raising awareness and the triage in the racey.', 'tokens': [50814, 492, 4590, 493, 365, 8371, 934, 341, 18350, 5380, 293, 7315, 281, 1963, 294, 11225, 8888, 293, 264, 1376, 609, 294, 264, 4569, 88, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08575269154139928, 'compression_ratio': 1.5470588235294118, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027806295547634363}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 272428, 'start': 2724.28, 'end': 2728.28, 'text': ' They put on whole plans to buy automated data discovery.', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 829, 322, 1379, 5482, 281, 2256, 18473, 1412, 12114, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2006354014078776, 'compression_ratio': 1.645985401459854, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09199656546115875}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 272428, 'start': 2728.28, 'end': 2751.28, 'text': " And, but the hiccup is the things that were surfaced as is typical with something like data discovery and identifying a risk understanding what you don't know is the messengers tend to get shot, especially in large businesses where people have paid lip service to these kind of developments over years when the budget cyclists come around again and perhaps things started were never maintained.", 'tokens': [50564, 400, 11, 457, 264, 23697, 16794, 307, 264, 721, 300, 645, 9684, 3839, 382, 307, 7476, 365, 746, 411, 1412, 12114, 293, 16696, 257, 3148, 3701, 437, 291, 500, 380, 458, 307, 264, 2082, 15315, 3928, 281, 483, 3347, 11, 2318, 294, 2416, 6011, 689, 561, 362, 4835, 8280, 2643, 281, 613, 733, 295, 20862, 670, 924, 562, 264, 4706, 19474, 1751, 808, 926, 797, 293, 4317, 721, 1409, 645, 1128, 17578, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2006354014078776, 'compression_ratio': 1.645985401459854, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09199656546115875}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 275128, 'start': 2752.28, 'end': 2761.28, 'text': ' But certainly there was a across the board uplift and awareness that smooth the ride for them for what was then done.', 'tokens': [50414, 583, 3297, 456, 390, 257, 2108, 264, 3150, 45407, 293, 8888, 300, 5508, 264, 5077, 337, 552, 337, 437, 390, 550, 1096, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14786450429396195, 'compression_ratio': 1.7307692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008546941913664341}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 275128, 'start': 2761.28, 'end': 2780.28, 'text': ' But the lessons learned for me both from a mapping point of view and from a business management and strategy point of view in governance was, and you have to find out who had skin in the game and working out a racey and getting people to sign on the dotted line for that is essential and', 'tokens': [50864, 583, 264, 8820, 3264, 337, 385, 1293, 490, 257, 18350, 935, 295, 1910, 293, 490, 257, 1606, 4592, 293, 5206, 935, 295, 1910, 294, 17449, 390, 11, 293, 291, 362, 281, 915, 484, 567, 632, 3178, 294, 264, 1216, 293, 1364, 484, 257, 4569, 88, 293, 1242, 561, 281, 1465, 322, 264, 37459, 1622, 337, 300, 307, 7115, 293, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14786450429396195, 'compression_ratio': 1.7307692307692308, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008546941913664341}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 278028, 'start': 2780.28, 'end': 2790.28, 'text': " a bit like mapping the document you end up with with a racey isn't the point isn't the value is the journey is the conversation it's understanding what pressures everyone else is working under.", 'tokens': [50364, 257, 857, 411, 18350, 264, 4166, 291, 917, 493, 365, 365, 257, 4569, 88, 1943, 380, 264, 935, 1943, 380, 264, 2158, 307, 264, 4671, 307, 264, 3761, 309, 311, 3701, 437, 23573, 1518, 1646, 307, 1364, 833, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1974954605102539, 'compression_ratio': 1.668103448275862, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025513703003525734}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 278028, 'start': 2790.28, 'end': 2793.28, 'text': " You have to have means to triage and look at what's important.", 'tokens': [50864, 509, 362, 281, 362, 1355, 281, 1376, 609, 293, 574, 412, 437, 311, 1021, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1974954605102539, 'compression_ratio': 1.668103448275862, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025513703003525734}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 278028, 'start': 2793.28, 'end': 2800.28, 'text': ' And in terms of my map as opposed to Petrith for what I was trying to achieve it was trying to demonstrate chaos so chaos is fine.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 294, 2115, 295, 452, 4471, 382, 8851, 281, 10472, 81, 355, 337, 437, 286, 390, 1382, 281, 4584, 309, 390, 1382, 281, 11698, 14158, 370, 14158, 307, 2489, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1974954605102539, 'compression_ratio': 1.668103448275862, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025513703003525734}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 280028, 'start': 2800.28, 'end': 2813.28, 'text': ' But you need to understand the battles that you can fight, which is what it helped me to understand so I could call back to the core of what was changeable and who actually was in a position to be accountable to change it.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 291, 643, 281, 1223, 264, 14648, 300, 291, 393, 2092, 11, 597, 307, 437, 309, 4254, 385, 281, 1223, 370, 286, 727, 818, 646, 281, 264, 4965, 295, 437, 390, 1319, 712, 293, 567, 767, 390, 294, 257, 2535, 281, 312, 18024, 281, 1319, 309, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1137046279194199, 'compression_ratio': 1.7158273381294964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21258345246315002}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 280028, 'start': 2813.28, 'end': 2827.28, 'text': ' And the last point is really my main take where I need more maps, every one of those points actually has their own sub maps for processes and contributory technology etc and various levels of maturity, but chuck it all in, work out your winnable battles,', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 264, 1036, 935, 307, 534, 452, 2135, 747, 689, 286, 643, 544, 11317, 11, 633, 472, 295, 729, 2793, 767, 575, 641, 1065, 1422, 11317, 337, 7555, 293, 4226, 325, 827, 2899, 5183, 293, 3683, 4358, 295, 28874, 11, 457, 20870, 309, 439, 294, 11, 589, 484, 428, 1942, 77, 712, 14648, 11, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1137046279194199, 'compression_ratio': 1.7158273381294964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21258345246315002}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 282728, 'start': 2827.28, 'end': 2840.28, 'text': " focus in and then build back out. And that is probably quite a lot of talking quite a lot of detail but that that's what I wanted to say in my 15 minutes.", 'tokens': [50364, 1879, 294, 293, 550, 1322, 646, 484, 13, 400, 300, 307, 1391, 1596, 257, 688, 295, 1417, 1596, 257, 688, 295, 2607, 457, 300, 300, 311, 437, 286, 1415, 281, 584, 294, 452, 2119, 2077, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1790448748876178, 'compression_ratio': 1.441860465116279, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17015664279460907}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 282728, 'start': 2840.28, 'end': 2850.28, 'text': ' Wow, and dead on time. Really good Sarah for provoking really informative as well. I suppose.', 'tokens': [51014, 3153, 11, 293, 3116, 322, 565, 13, 4083, 665, 9519, 337, 1439, 5953, 534, 27759, 382, 731, 13, 286, 7297, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1790448748876178, 'compression_ratio': 1.441860465116279, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17015664279460907}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 285028, 'start': 2850.28, 'end': 2868.28, 'text': " The first question would just be the complexity of this of the domain that you're in. I'm wondering about where it comes from how many people were contributing in your maps were they the same people contributing and did you general get generally get", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 700, 1168, 576, 445, 312, 264, 14024, 295, 341, 295, 264, 9274, 300, 291, 434, 294, 13, 286, 478, 6359, 466, 689, 309, 1487, 490, 577, 867, 561, 645, 19270, 294, 428, 11317, 645, 436, 264, 912, 561, 19270, 293, 630, 291, 2674, 483, 5101, 483, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1823909796920477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5759493670886076, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7481508255004883}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 286828, 'start': 2868.28, 'end': 2881.28, 'text': " around components, especially where the component is the person you're discussing. I won't touch on the fact that you've put sales in the commodity utility area. I think that's a discussion we could have privately.", 'tokens': [50364, 926, 6677, 11, 2318, 689, 264, 6542, 307, 264, 954, 291, 434, 10850, 13, 286, 1582, 380, 2557, 322, 264, 1186, 300, 291, 600, 829, 5763, 294, 264, 29125, 14877, 1859, 13, 286, 519, 300, 311, 257, 5017, 321, 727, 362, 31919, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09793018211017955, 'compression_ratio': 1.6557377049180328, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6959340572357178}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 286828, 'start': 2881.28, 'end': 2895.28, 'text': ' Yeah, that kind of drives to my question. Tell us just a little bit about the story of conflict around the mapping process and around actual the data you were getting in to inform the maps.', 'tokens': [51014, 865, 11, 300, 733, 295, 11754, 281, 452, 1168, 13, 5115, 505, 445, 257, 707, 857, 466, 264, 1657, 295, 6596, 926, 264, 18350, 1399, 293, 926, 3539, 264, 1412, 291, 645, 1242, 294, 281, 1356, 264, 11317, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09793018211017955, 'compression_ratio': 1.6557377049180328, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6959340572357178}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 289528, 'start': 2895.28, 'end': 2911.28, 'text': " Yeah, I mean the map very much came later in this because as I said I'm very much a baby mapper and somebody who's a lot further down the journey would have a lot of enormous amount to teach me about things I've missed and techniques I've used but", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 286, 914, 264, 4471, 588, 709, 1361, 1780, 294, 341, 570, 382, 286, 848, 286, 478, 588, 709, 257, 3186, 463, 3717, 293, 2618, 567, 311, 257, 688, 3052, 760, 264, 4671, 576, 362, 257, 688, 295, 11322, 2372, 281, 2924, 385, 466, 721, 286, 600, 6721, 293, 7512, 286, 600, 1143, 457, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1380060971793482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5060975609756098, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04781559854745865}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 291128, 'start': 2911.28, 'end': 2919.28, 'text': ' the people who came to the table with the people who are already once and battles of convincing them of the worth of refocusing.', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 561, 567, 1361, 281, 264, 3199, 365, 264, 561, 567, 366, 1217, 1564, 293, 14648, 295, 24823, 552, 295, 264, 3163, 295, 1895, 905, 7981, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17474915867760069, 'compression_ratio': 1.4444444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06131301075220108}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 291128, 'start': 2919.28, 'end': 2923.28, 'text': ' And so the conflicts came prior to that.', 'tokens': [50764, 400, 370, 264, 19807, 1361, 4059, 281, 300, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17474915867760069, 'compression_ratio': 1.4444444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06131301075220108}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 292328, 'start': 2923.28, 'end': 2943.28, 'text': ' And so it was in large part people who had bet the farm on the data they needed to deliver things in the business, especially in HR and marketing and in sales, where they foresaw their strategic pre existing strategic plans being endangered.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 309, 390, 294, 2416, 644, 561, 567, 632, 778, 264, 5421, 322, 264, 1412, 436, 2978, 281, 4239, 721, 294, 264, 1606, 11, 2318, 294, 19460, 293, 6370, 293, 294, 5763, 11, 689, 436, 2091, 31287, 641, 10924, 659, 6741, 10924, 5482, 885, 37539, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14843084297928155, 'compression_ratio': 1.50625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6957553625106812}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 294328, 'start': 2943.28, 'end': 2950.28, 'text': " People I brought to the table with the people I'd already convinced of the value of refocusing.", 'tokens': [50364, 3432, 286, 3038, 281, 264, 3199, 365, 264, 561, 286, 1116, 1217, 12561, 295, 264, 2158, 295, 1895, 905, 7981, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12040368488856724, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23323819041252136}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 294328, 'start': 2950.28, 'end': 2953.28, 'text': ' Once we came to the table for mapping.', 'tokens': [50714, 3443, 321, 1361, 281, 264, 3199, 337, 18350, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12040368488856724, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23323819041252136}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 294328, 'start': 2953.28, 'end': 2963.28, 'text': ' There was the typical thing that you have with all kinds of things in risk management in security and data protection everybody felt that their strategic games were the most important.', 'tokens': [50864, 821, 390, 264, 7476, 551, 300, 291, 362, 365, 439, 3685, 295, 721, 294, 3148, 4592, 294, 3825, 293, 1412, 6334, 2201, 2762, 300, 641, 10924, 2813, 645, 264, 881, 1021, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12040368488856724, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23323819041252136}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 296328, 'start': 2963.28, 'end': 2976.28, 'text': ' And they all felt that theirs were more mature than I thought they were in terms of personal data, visibility and management. So it was a massive diplomatic exercise.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 436, 439, 2762, 300, 22760, 645, 544, 14442, 813, 286, 1194, 436, 645, 294, 2115, 295, 2973, 1412, 11, 19883, 293, 4592, 13, 407, 309, 390, 257, 5994, 26553, 5380, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23595974522252236, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696132596685083, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1914314180612564}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 296328, 'start': 2976.28, 'end': 2985.28, 'text': " It was being sort of iron fist in velvet glove. I don't really want to use a fact she quotes sorry.", 'tokens': [51014, 467, 390, 885, 1333, 295, 6497, 21849, 294, 41905, 26928, 13, 286, 500, 380, 534, 528, 281, 764, 257, 1186, 750, 19963, 2597, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23595974522252236, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696132596685083, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1914314180612564}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 298528, 'start': 2985.28, 'end': 2997.28, 'text': " Anyway, it was trying to be very gently respectful of what they brought to the table so I ended up with the person who'd usually dealt with compliance and marketing Ditto for HR.", 'tokens': [50364, 5684, 11, 309, 390, 1382, 281, 312, 588, 13073, 26205, 295, 437, 436, 3038, 281, 264, 3199, 370, 286, 4590, 493, 365, 264, 954, 567, 1116, 2673, 15991, 365, 15882, 293, 6370, 413, 34924, 337, 19460, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13015915596321836, 'compression_ratio': 1.4881516587677726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09759429842233658}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 298528, 'start': 2997.28, 'end': 3001.28, 'text': ' I had my usual IT business partner in the room.', 'tokens': [50964, 286, 632, 452, 7713, 6783, 1606, 4975, 294, 264, 1808, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13015915596321836, 'compression_ratio': 1.4881516587677726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09759429842233658}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 298528, 'start': 3001.28, 'end': 3008.28, 'text': ' I had the CRO came and spent time because they had perspective across operational risk.', 'tokens': [51164, 286, 632, 264, 383, 7142, 1361, 293, 4418, 565, 570, 436, 632, 4585, 2108, 16607, 3148, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13015915596321836, 'compression_ratio': 1.4881516587677726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09759429842233658}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 300828, 'start': 3008.28, 'end': 3017.28, 'text': ' And also procurement from a vendor governance point of view and someone from the project management office. Those were the key key person people in the room.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 611, 35183, 490, 257, 24321, 17449, 935, 295, 1910, 293, 1580, 490, 264, 1716, 4592, 3398, 13, 3950, 645, 264, 2141, 2141, 954, 561, 294, 264, 1808, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18669412105898314, 'compression_ratio': 1.577092511013216, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3064817488193512}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 300828, 'start': 3017.28, 'end': 3030.28, 'text': " And me bringing a data protection focus. And that chaotic map was the outcome but we did have five versions of that that I just had to eventually draw a line and say, This is the one we're going with.", 'tokens': [50814, 400, 385, 5062, 257, 1412, 6334, 1879, 13, 400, 300, 27013, 4471, 390, 264, 9700, 457, 321, 630, 362, 1732, 9606, 295, 300, 300, 286, 445, 632, 281, 4728, 2642, 257, 1622, 293, 584, 11, 639, 307, 264, 472, 321, 434, 516, 365, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18669412105898314, 'compression_ratio': 1.577092511013216, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3064817488193512}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 303028, 'start': 3030.28, 'end': 3039.28, 'text': " And that's because it doesn't have to be perfect as long as the narratives are consistent that are coming out of it from all our perspectives.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 570, 309, 1177, 380, 362, 281, 312, 2176, 382, 938, 382, 264, 28016, 366, 8398, 300, 366, 1348, 484, 295, 309, 490, 439, 527, 16766, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2195818857713179, 'compression_ratio': 1.7868852459016393, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4371034801006317}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 303028, 'start': 3039.28, 'end': 3057.28, 'text': " Interesting. So, for me, the conflict is the thing that showed that shows that the map is doing something so it's either conflict because the results and how different the recommendations effectively the map gives an organization after what they thought before to the conflict in in the actual", 'tokens': [50814, 14711, 13, 407, 11, 337, 385, 11, 264, 6596, 307, 264, 551, 300, 4712, 300, 3110, 300, 264, 4471, 307, 884, 746, 370, 309, 311, 2139, 6596, 570, 264, 3542, 293, 577, 819, 264, 10434, 8659, 264, 4471, 2709, 364, 4475, 934, 437, 436, 1194, 949, 281, 264, 6596, 294, 294, 264, 3539, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2195818857713179, 'compression_ratio': 1.7868852459016393, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4371034801006317}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 305728, 'start': 3057.28, 'end': 3072.28, 'text': " discussion where people are having conflicts in terms of actually determining where things should be what how things should be interpreted. I figured that the conflict is a really good measure that there is a problem and that you're fixing it because", 'tokens': [50364, 5017, 689, 561, 366, 1419, 19807, 294, 2115, 295, 767, 23751, 689, 721, 820, 312, 437, 577, 721, 820, 312, 26749, 13, 286, 8932, 300, 264, 6596, 307, 257, 534, 665, 3481, 300, 456, 307, 257, 1154, 293, 300, 291, 434, 19442, 309, 570, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17639915363208666, 'compression_ratio': 1.6839622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2993297278881073}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 305728, 'start': 3072.28, 'end': 3075.28, 'text': " you're sort of bringing the right people, people together.", 'tokens': [51114, 291, 434, 1333, 295, 5062, 264, 558, 561, 11, 561, 1214, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17639915363208666, 'compression_ratio': 1.6839622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2993297278881073}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 305728, 'start': 3075.28, 'end': 3083.28, 'text': ' Patrick and Dennis what can we learn from that.', 'tokens': [51264, 13980, 293, 23376, 437, 393, 321, 1466, 490, 300, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17639915363208666, 'compression_ratio': 1.6839622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2993297278881073}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 308328, 'start': 3083.28, 'end': 3093.28, 'text': " I'm going to take these guys right now so I'm a little bit nervous about what they're going to say.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 516, 281, 747, 613, 1074, 558, 586, 370, 286, 478, 257, 707, 857, 6296, 466, 437, 436, 434, 516, 281, 584, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.37348645074026926, 'compression_ratio': 1.1647058823529413, 'no_speech_prob': 0.269382506608963}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 309328, 'start': 3093.28, 'end': 3111.28, 'text': " I think massively impressive right. I think in a, in a weird way right I feel that I'm not more in my head than then sometimes on paper, because I think I internalize a lot of the ideas, but I feel that what you created here and the way you presented it", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 519, 29379, 8992, 558, 13, 286, 519, 294, 257, 11, 294, 257, 3657, 636, 558, 286, 841, 300, 286, 478, 406, 544, 294, 452, 1378, 813, 550, 2171, 322, 3035, 11, 570, 286, 519, 286, 6920, 1125, 257, 688, 295, 264, 3487, 11, 457, 286, 841, 300, 437, 291, 2942, 510, 293, 264, 636, 291, 8212, 309, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21776877680132467, 'compression_ratio': 1.58125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6356630921363831}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 311128, 'start': 3111.28, 'end': 3124.28, 'text': ' is a great way to then have those conversations right you know like the next step of this is the details but the details almost there was sort themselves, you know, by just talking about it.', 'tokens': [50364, 307, 257, 869, 636, 281, 550, 362, 729, 7315, 558, 291, 458, 411, 264, 958, 1823, 295, 341, 307, 264, 4365, 457, 264, 4365, 1920, 456, 390, 1333, 2969, 11, 291, 458, 11, 538, 445, 1417, 466, 309, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2261972977564885, 'compression_ratio': 1.763779527559055, 'no_speech_prob': 0.31335705518722534}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 311128, 'start': 3124.28, 'end': 3140.28, 'text': ' Right. But one thing I would say that I feel that these maps. And this is where I maybe I expand them more than some time Simon words is, I view that these maps are also a great way to map your strategy right like you, you should be able to look at that map', 'tokens': [51014, 1779, 13, 583, 472, 551, 286, 576, 584, 300, 286, 841, 300, 613, 11317, 13, 400, 341, 307, 689, 286, 1310, 286, 5268, 552, 544, 813, 512, 565, 13193, 2283, 307, 11, 286, 1910, 300, 613, 11317, 366, 611, 257, 869, 636, 281, 4471, 428, 5206, 558, 411, 291, 11, 291, 820, 312, 1075, 281, 574, 412, 300, 4471, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2261972977564885, 'compression_ratio': 1.763779527559055, 'no_speech_prob': 0.31335705518722534}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 314028, 'start': 3140.28, 'end': 3155.28, 'text': " and your strategy should be almost obvious, because especially once you start tracking movement and I'm going to move this map from here to there and I'm going to move that one from there to there or this won't be possible until this happens, and maybe even show the evolution right.", 'tokens': [50364, 293, 428, 5206, 820, 312, 1920, 6322, 11, 570, 2318, 1564, 291, 722, 11603, 3963, 293, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1286, 341, 4471, 490, 510, 281, 456, 293, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1286, 300, 472, 490, 456, 281, 456, 420, 341, 1582, 380, 312, 1944, 1826, 341, 2314, 11, 293, 1310, 754, 855, 264, 9303, 558, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21248542384097452, 'compression_ratio': 1.728395061728395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0875692218542099}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 314028, 'start': 3155.28, 'end': 3164.28, 'text': " I think as you did in some cases right. I think it's, it's super powerful to present information like this. So yeah, amazing work Sarah.", 'tokens': [51114, 286, 519, 382, 291, 630, 294, 512, 3331, 558, 13, 286, 519, 309, 311, 11, 309, 311, 1687, 4005, 281, 1974, 1589, 411, 341, 13, 407, 1338, 11, 2243, 589, 9519, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21248542384097452, 'compression_ratio': 1.728395061728395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0875692218542099}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 316428, 'start': 3165.28, 'end': 3173.28, 'text': " Yeah, I thought it was quite impressive. So I just wondered, you've shown the map to the CEO right.", 'tokens': [50414, 865, 11, 286, 1194, 309, 390, 1596, 8992, 13, 407, 286, 445, 17055, 11, 291, 600, 4898, 264, 4471, 281, 264, 9282, 558, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10652100058162914, 'compression_ratio': 1.655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03499607369303703}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 316428, 'start': 3173.28, 'end': 3178.28, 'text': ' And we showed the outcome to the CEO with yeah the map was in the deck.', 'tokens': [50814, 400, 321, 4712, 264, 9700, 281, 264, 9282, 365, 1338, 264, 4471, 390, 294, 264, 9341, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10652100058162914, 'compression_ratio': 1.655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03499607369303703}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 316428, 'start': 3178.28, 'end': 3192.28, 'text': ' Okay, yeah I was just wondering what was the reaction of the CEO to that and how well did the CEO to kind of take it as a kind of means to present information.', 'tokens': [51064, 1033, 11, 1338, 286, 390, 445, 6359, 437, 390, 264, 5480, 295, 264, 9282, 281, 300, 293, 577, 731, 630, 264, 9282, 281, 733, 295, 747, 309, 382, 257, 733, 295, 1355, 281, 1974, 1589, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10652100058162914, 'compression_ratio': 1.655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03499607369303703}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 319228, 'start': 3192.28, 'end': 3208.28, 'text': " It was dramatically skeptical because it was the first time they'd been anywhere near it, but that final slide where I stripped all the lines away and and showed them the points of maturity they were and he recognized that those were the nexus points in my previous diagrams.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 390, 17548, 28601, 570, 309, 390, 264, 700, 565, 436, 1116, 668, 4992, 2651, 309, 11, 457, 300, 2572, 4137, 689, 286, 33221, 439, 264, 3876, 1314, 293, 293, 4712, 552, 264, 2793, 295, 28874, 436, 645, 293, 415, 9823, 300, 729, 645, 264, 408, 32618, 2793, 294, 452, 3894, 36709, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19695310389741938, 'compression_ratio': 1.7033898305084745, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024946819990873337}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 319228, 'start': 3208.28, 'end': 3218.28, 'text': " That was then, ah, that's useful. That was, that was the reaction I'm not swearing it was buying. It was, it wasn't there yet.", 'tokens': [51164, 663, 390, 550, 11, 3716, 11, 300, 311, 4420, 13, 663, 390, 11, 300, 390, 264, 5480, 286, 478, 406, 2484, 1921, 309, 390, 6382, 13, 467, 390, 11, 309, 2067, 380, 456, 1939, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19695310389741938, 'compression_ratio': 1.7033898305084745, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024946819990873337}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 321828, 'start': 3218.28, 'end': 3224.28, 'text': ' It did. It resulted in sign off for the decision of the change of direction for spend.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 630, 13, 467, 18753, 294, 1465, 766, 337, 264, 3537, 295, 264, 1319, 295, 3513, 337, 3496, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2981853485107422, 'compression_ratio': 1.1958762886597938, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034839216619729996}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 321828, 'start': 3224.28, 'end': 3225.28, 'text': ' Did the job.', 'tokens': [50664, 2589, 264, 1691, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2981853485107422, 'compression_ratio': 1.1958762886597938, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034839216619729996}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 321828, 'start': 3227.28, 'end': 3229.28, 'text': ' Yeah, very good.', 'tokens': [50814, 865, 11, 588, 665, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2981853485107422, 'compression_ratio': 1.1958762886597938, 'no_speech_prob': 0.034839216619729996}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 322928, 'start': 3230.28, 'end': 3240.28, 'text': " Well, we didn't have any questions in the chat and I'm, I'm, I'm figuring most people are so spelled down by the presentation. They haven't remembered to go in and type.", 'tokens': [50414, 1042, 11, 321, 994, 380, 362, 604, 1651, 294, 264, 5081, 293, 286, 478, 11, 286, 478, 11, 286, 478, 15213, 881, 561, 366, 370, 34388, 760, 538, 264, 5860, 13, 814, 2378, 380, 13745, 281, 352, 294, 293, 2010, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17331054475572374, 'compression_ratio': 1.3203125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07377120107412338}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 324028, 'start': 3240.28, 'end': 3255.28, 'text': " So I'm going to ask you a question if you don't mind from a previous conversation we had but something that you touched on which was culture so you're dealing with organizations with lots of different silos and those come up to come across with their", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1029, 291, 257, 1168, 498, 291, 500, 380, 1575, 490, 257, 3894, 3761, 321, 632, 457, 746, 300, 291, 9828, 322, 597, 390, 3713, 370, 291, 434, 6260, 365, 6150, 365, 3195, 295, 819, 48893, 293, 729, 808, 493, 281, 808, 2108, 365, 641, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17526254114115014, 'compression_ratio': 1.5151515151515151, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3758240342140198}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 325528, 'start': 3255.28, 'end': 3262.28, 'text': " individual cultures whether that's speed of movement whether that's openness to change.", 'tokens': [50364, 2609, 12951, 1968, 300, 311, 3073, 295, 3963, 1968, 300, 311, 36200, 281, 1319, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14001676633760526, 'compression_ratio': 1.599056603773585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7371320724487305}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 325528, 'start': 3262.28, 'end': 3268.28, 'text': " It never expect it's not escaped my attention that you're a lady as well.", 'tokens': [50714, 467, 1128, 2066, 309, 311, 406, 20397, 452, 3202, 300, 291, 434, 257, 7262, 382, 731, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14001676633760526, 'compression_ratio': 1.599056603773585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7371320724487305}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 325528, 'start': 3268.28, 'end': 3281.28, 'text': ' And I know that you come across this from a data sort of focus so I wanted you just to talk around being in the security privacy space and decisions that you made along the way.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 286, 458, 300, 291, 808, 2108, 341, 490, 257, 1412, 1333, 295, 1879, 370, 286, 1415, 291, 445, 281, 751, 926, 885, 294, 264, 3825, 11427, 1901, 293, 5327, 300, 291, 1027, 2051, 264, 636, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14001676633760526, 'compression_ratio': 1.599056603773585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7371320724487305}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 328128, 'start': 3281.28, 'end': 3294.28, 'text': " So really, really, I'm trying to get at the culture of cybersecurity generally and just wonder if you can, if you can touch on that in any way.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 534, 11, 534, 11, 286, 478, 1382, 281, 483, 412, 264, 3713, 295, 38765, 5101, 293, 445, 2441, 498, 291, 393, 11, 498, 291, 393, 2557, 322, 300, 294, 604, 636, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18016800981886844, 'compression_ratio': 1.3435114503816794, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027058878913521767}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 328128, 'start': 3294.28, 'end': 3299.28, 'text': ' Okay, I think probably the most.', 'tokens': [51014, 1033, 11, 286, 519, 1391, 264, 881, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18016800981886844, 'compression_ratio': 1.3435114503816794, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027058878913521767}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 329928, 'start': 3299.28, 'end': 3324.28, 'text': " It's useful where I can, I can broach that is my journey I came from it desktops networks and sitting on several floors with console cables designing and hardening networks into joint responsibility injecting some ISO 27001 overlay into that kind of thing but very much it and then info second then eventually I moved into", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 4420, 689, 286, 393, 11, 286, 393, 2006, 608, 300, 307, 452, 4671, 286, 1361, 490, 309, 730, 2320, 3370, 9590, 293, 3798, 322, 2940, 21008, 365, 11076, 17555, 14685, 293, 1152, 4559, 9590, 666, 7225, 6357, 294, 1020, 278, 512, 25042, 7634, 628, 16, 31741, 666, 300, 733, 295, 551, 457, 588, 709, 309, 293, 550, 13614, 1150, 550, 4728, 286, 4259, 666, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3328376770019531, 'compression_ratio': 1.5333333333333334, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22018800675868988}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 332428, 'start': 3324.28, 'end': 3340.28, 'text': " governance because I don't, I'm not going to claim this is gendered but I could see the joint points I could see that we needed to have a common language in a common set of metrics that we could bring together to a central point across different disciplines.", 'tokens': [50364, 17449, 570, 286, 500, 380, 11, 286, 478, 406, 516, 281, 3932, 341, 307, 7898, 292, 457, 286, 727, 536, 264, 7225, 2793, 286, 727, 536, 300, 321, 2978, 281, 362, 257, 2689, 2856, 294, 257, 2689, 992, 295, 16367, 300, 321, 727, 1565, 1214, 281, 257, 5777, 935, 2108, 819, 21919, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1271986626742179, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3122059404850006}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 334028, 'start': 3340.28, 'end': 3360.28, 'text': ' And I could see that nobody was talking to anybody else. And I really took one for the team. I decided that because everywhere I was people were being consistently reactive and shouting about not having enough staff but never able to evidence how many they needed and why.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 727, 536, 300, 5079, 390, 1417, 281, 4472, 1646, 13, 400, 286, 534, 1890, 472, 337, 264, 1469, 13, 286, 3047, 300, 570, 5315, 286, 390, 561, 645, 885, 14961, 28897, 293, 20382, 466, 406, 1419, 1547, 3525, 457, 1128, 1075, 281, 4467, 577, 867, 436, 2978, 293, 983, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09086517776761736, 'compression_ratio': 1.5195530726256983, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5568374991416931}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 336028, 'start': 3360.28, 'end': 3372.28, 'text': ' I set myself up as a governance person when usually governance people were coming out of the IT general control space into security. I was coming out of security into the governance space.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 992, 2059, 493, 382, 257, 17449, 954, 562, 2673, 17449, 561, 645, 1348, 484, 295, 264, 6783, 2674, 1969, 1901, 666, 3825, 13, 286, 390, 1348, 484, 295, 3825, 666, 264, 17449, 1901, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899095070667756, 'compression_ratio': 1.5666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.84015953540802}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 337228, 'start': 3372.28, 'end': 3390.28, 'text': " And I think I don't, again, I'm low to suggest there's a gendered element of that there but I was very focused on the users behind the data as well that's something that drove me to try and understand the impacts of what we were doing and that naturally lent itself to a conversation about wider risk as well.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 519, 286, 500, 380, 11, 797, 11, 286, 478, 2295, 281, 3402, 456, 311, 257, 7898, 292, 4478, 295, 300, 456, 457, 286, 390, 588, 5178, 322, 264, 5022, 2261, 264, 1412, 382, 731, 300, 311, 746, 300, 13226, 385, 281, 853, 293, 1223, 264, 11606, 295, 437, 321, 645, 884, 293, 300, 8195, 23556, 2564, 281, 257, 3761, 466, 11842, 3148, 382, 731, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1211481363001004, 'compression_ratio': 1.5685279187817258, 'no_speech_prob': 0.36301690340042114}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 339028, 'start': 3390.28, 'end': 3403.28, 'text': " And that's what drove my journey. I'm also a natural diplomat. I'm a problem solver. I'm a diagnostician and I'm a diplomat. And those things lent themselves to this space as well.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 437, 13226, 452, 4671, 13, 286, 478, 611, 257, 3303, 20053, 267, 13, 286, 478, 257, 1154, 1404, 331, 13, 286, 478, 257, 43215, 9027, 293, 286, 478, 257, 20053, 267, 13, 400, 729, 721, 23556, 2969, 281, 341, 1901, 382, 731, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16739254906063988, 'compression_ratio': 1.676595744680851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.46325501799583435}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 339028, 'start': 3403.28, 'end': 3407.28, 'text': ' And seeing a bigger picture.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 2577, 257, 3801, 3036, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16739254906063988, 'compression_ratio': 1.676595744680851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.46325501799583435}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 339028, 'start': 3407.28, 'end': 3418.28, 'text': " But I had some of, sometimes that wasn't a choice, sometimes I was seen as non-technical so I was put in these places anyway so it was the sum of it was a path of least resistance too.", 'tokens': [51214, 583, 286, 632, 512, 295, 11, 2171, 300, 2067, 380, 257, 3922, 11, 2171, 286, 390, 1612, 382, 2107, 12, 29113, 804, 370, 286, 390, 829, 294, 613, 3190, 4033, 370, 309, 390, 264, 2408, 295, 309, 390, 257, 3100, 295, 1935, 7335, 886, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16739254906063988, 'compression_ratio': 1.676595744680851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.46325501799583435}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 341828, 'start': 3418.28, 'end': 3436.28, 'text': " I have this image of you going around with this very confident and informed sort of persona into all of these different domains starting fights and I just wondered how that went along and how you're emotional and mental health.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 362, 341, 3256, 295, 291, 516, 926, 365, 341, 588, 6679, 293, 11740, 1333, 295, 12184, 666, 439, 295, 613, 819, 25514, 2891, 14512, 293, 286, 445, 17055, 577, 300, 1437, 2051, 293, 577, 291, 434, 6863, 293, 4973, 1585, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24604502968166186, 'compression_ratio': 1.4836601307189543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16863501071929932}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 343628, 'start': 3436.28, 'end': 3449.28, 'text': ' Yeah, well I suppose networks is kind of the dark side of the dark side in security. So that was, that was a good starting point. Then I became security then I became risk which is the alternative dark side of the dark side.', 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 731, 286, 7297, 9590, 307, 733, 295, 264, 2877, 1252, 295, 264, 2877, 1252, 294, 3825, 13, 407, 300, 390, 11, 300, 390, 257, 665, 2891, 935, 13, 1396, 286, 3062, 3825, 550, 286, 3062, 3148, 597, 307, 264, 8535, 2877, 1252, 295, 264, 2877, 1252, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17587805694004274, 'compression_ratio': 1.6592592592592592, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4011416435241699}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 344928, 'start': 3449.28, 'end': 3458.28, 'text': " So if we are the grit in the security wheels according to many people, although that's not how I operate, if you're doing it right you're not.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 321, 366, 264, 30133, 294, 264, 3825, 10046, 4650, 281, 867, 561, 11, 4878, 300, 311, 406, 577, 286, 9651, 11, 498, 291, 434, 884, 309, 558, 291, 434, 406, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11740573571652782, 'compression_ratio': 1.6603053435114503, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4631703495979309}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 344928, 'start': 3458.28, 'end': 3474.28, 'text': " What I would do is I would seek evangelists because the aim was always for someone to realise it was their idea. So I would find somebody as an interim translator who spoke the language and understood the pain of the person I was trying to address if they weren't willing to empathise with my", 'tokens': [50814, 708, 286, 576, 360, 307, 286, 576, 8075, 24546, 1751, 570, 264, 5939, 390, 1009, 337, 1580, 281, 18809, 309, 390, 641, 1558, 13, 407, 286, 576, 915, 2618, 382, 364, 33500, 35223, 567, 7179, 264, 2856, 293, 7320, 264, 1822, 295, 264, 954, 286, 390, 1382, 281, 2985, 498, 436, 4999, 380, 4950, 281, 27155, 908, 365, 452, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11740573571652782, 'compression_ratio': 1.6603053435114503, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4631703495979309}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 347428, 'start': 3475.28, 'end': 3489.28, 'text': ' aims. So I would use them to both educate me about the pressures that the person I was communicating with, what pressure they were under and the context they were operating in and also educate the other person on my behalf.', 'tokens': [50414, 24683, 13, 407, 286, 576, 764, 552, 281, 1293, 16092, 385, 466, 264, 23573, 300, 264, 954, 286, 390, 17559, 365, 11, 437, 3321, 436, 645, 833, 293, 264, 4319, 436, 645, 7447, 294, 293, 611, 16092, 264, 661, 954, 322, 452, 9490, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09782058153396998, 'compression_ratio': 1.6603773584905661, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19414706528186798}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 347428, 'start': 3489.28, 'end': 3497.28, 'text': ' And when I knew I was walking into a really contentious meeting I used to always take what I call my starter evangelist with me.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 562, 286, 2586, 286, 390, 4494, 666, 257, 534, 2701, 851, 3440, 286, 1143, 281, 1009, 747, 437, 286, 818, 452, 22465, 24546, 468, 365, 385, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09782058153396998, 'compression_ratio': 1.6603773584905661, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19414706528186798}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 349728, 'start': 3497.28, 'end': 3516.28, 'text': " And oftentimes they were the people who had been the most vehement objectors who I could see that they hadn't got it. So I would spend enormous amounts of time empathising with where they were and bringing them with me and then using them to bridge the gap to other stakeholders in the business.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 18349, 436, 645, 264, 561, 567, 632, 668, 264, 881, 4221, 1712, 2657, 830, 567, 286, 727, 536, 300, 436, 8782, 380, 658, 309, 13, 407, 286, 576, 3496, 11322, 11663, 295, 565, 27155, 3436, 365, 689, 436, 645, 293, 5062, 552, 365, 385, 293, 550, 1228, 552, 281, 7283, 264, 7417, 281, 661, 17779, 294, 264, 1606, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07753153145313263, 'compression_ratio': 1.6120218579234973, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19056332111358643}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 351628, 'start': 3516.28, 'end': 3528.28, 'text': " Brilliant. We've got a little bit of time just for a couple of comments that have come in and a question and then we'll have to jump into dinners, although I feel we could talk about this for another hour.", 'tokens': [50364, 34007, 13, 492, 600, 658, 257, 707, 857, 295, 565, 445, 337, 257, 1916, 295, 3053, 300, 362, 808, 294, 293, 257, 1168, 293, 550, 321, 603, 362, 281, 3012, 666, 3791, 2999, 11, 4878, 286, 841, 321, 727, 751, 466, 341, 337, 1071, 1773, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13202857971191406, 'compression_ratio': 1.5555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3665193021297455}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 351628, 'start': 3528.28, 'end': 3540.28, 'text': ' So for Mark Walker, Sarah, that battle scarred real world example was massively helpful to me as a newbie, especially the stripping back to communicate your key points and arrive at a plan. Thank you.', 'tokens': [50964, 407, 337, 3934, 23974, 11, 9519, 11, 300, 4635, 10569, 986, 957, 1002, 1365, 390, 29379, 4961, 281, 385, 382, 257, 777, 7392, 11, 2318, 264, 3575, 3759, 646, 281, 7890, 428, 2141, 2793, 293, 8881, 412, 257, 1393, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13202857971191406, 'compression_ratio': 1.5555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3665193021297455}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 354028, 'start': 3540.28, 'end': 3548.28, 'text': " I'm from James ably. That was a great talk with lots of powerful points to take away. I'll be watching that back a few times. Thank you, Sarah.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 490, 5678, 410, 356, 13, 663, 390, 257, 869, 751, 365, 3195, 295, 4005, 2793, 281, 747, 1314, 13, 286, 603, 312, 1976, 300, 646, 257, 1326, 1413, 13, 1044, 291, 11, 9519, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18478758541154272, 'compression_ratio': 1.490909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5251296758651733}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 354028, 'start': 3548.28, 'end': 3561.28, 'text': " And a question from Brandon malton I hope I pronounced that correctly. It's a free the speaker struck in both of your maps by the way that some items are evolving quickly and some not.", 'tokens': [50764, 400, 257, 1168, 490, 22606, 2806, 1756, 286, 1454, 286, 23155, 300, 8944, 13, 467, 311, 257, 1737, 264, 8145, 13159, 294, 1293, 295, 428, 11317, 538, 264, 636, 300, 512, 4754, 366, 21085, 2661, 293, 512, 406, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18478758541154272, 'compression_ratio': 1.490909090909091, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5251296758651733}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 356128, 'start': 3561.28, 'end': 3575.28, 'text': " So I'm going to add a few models or respond to those changes with dependent entities. I'm going to add a bit to that, which is about your methods of attack. So you showed clear sort of decision making clear movement on your map.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 909, 257, 1326, 5245, 420, 4196, 281, 729, 2962, 365, 12334, 16667, 13, 286, 478, 516, 281, 909, 257, 857, 281, 300, 11, 597, 307, 466, 428, 7150, 295, 2690, 13, 407, 291, 4712, 1850, 1333, 295, 3537, 1455, 1850, 3963, 322, 428, 4471, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.226605224609375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6886792452830188, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5619957447052002}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 356128, 'start': 3575.28, 'end': 3585.28, 'text': ' I was just wondering around things like openness, education, what would you say your methods of attack were for solving problems.', 'tokens': [51064, 286, 390, 445, 6359, 926, 721, 411, 36200, 11, 3309, 11, 437, 576, 291, 584, 428, 7150, 295, 2690, 645, 337, 12606, 2740, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.226605224609375, 'compression_ratio': 1.6886792452830188, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5619957447052002}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 358528, 'start': 3585.28, 'end': 3599.28, 'text': ' And so in your point of view, in, in a mapping context, the method for solving problems would have been one of the sub maps to this I would have had.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 294, 428, 935, 295, 1910, 11, 294, 11, 294, 257, 18350, 4319, 11, 264, 3170, 337, 12606, 2740, 576, 362, 668, 472, 295, 264, 1422, 11317, 281, 341, 286, 576, 362, 632, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25248328761050576, 'compression_ratio': 1.722466960352423, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15258751809597015}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 358528, 'start': 3599.28, 'end': 3613.28, 'text': " I would have had a, I didn't do it because the, it wasn't where the engagement ended up I wasn't it wasn't within my remit but for raising awareness and embedding the race, both of which are fundamentally awareness raising parts of that map.", 'tokens': [51064, 286, 576, 362, 632, 257, 11, 286, 994, 380, 360, 309, 570, 264, 11, 309, 2067, 380, 689, 264, 8742, 4590, 493, 286, 2067, 380, 309, 2067, 380, 1951, 452, 890, 270, 457, 337, 11225, 8888, 293, 12240, 3584, 264, 4569, 11, 1293, 295, 597, 366, 17879, 8888, 11225, 3166, 295, 300, 4471, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25248328761050576, 'compression_ratio': 1.722466960352423, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15258751809597015}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 361328, 'start': 3613.28, 'end': 3631.28, 'text': ' So I would have been mapping what the maturity was in terms of understanding of the topic currently. And I would have been looking at the historical resistance to change and tolerance for education in the business.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 576, 362, 668, 18350, 437, 264, 28874, 390, 294, 2115, 295, 3701, 295, 264, 4829, 4362, 13, 400, 286, 576, 362, 668, 1237, 412, 264, 8584, 7335, 281, 1319, 293, 23368, 337, 3309, 294, 264, 1606, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12277152926422828, 'compression_ratio': 1.4758620689655173, 'no_speech_prob': 0.060920506715774536}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 363128, 'start': 3631.28, 'end': 3639.28, 'text': ' And also the senior stakeholder openness to investing adequately in that kind of awareness activity.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 611, 264, 7965, 43406, 36200, 281, 10978, 41822, 294, 300, 733, 295, 8888, 5191, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08788784344991048, 'compression_ratio': 1.6385542168674698, 'no_speech_prob': 0.45724761486053467}, {'id': 375, 'seek': 363128, 'start': 3639.28, 'end': 3649.28, 'text': ' Because all of that context would have dictated how far I could move have fast. And then you really I would have brought back all those outcomes into the map to find out.', 'tokens': [50764, 1436, 439, 295, 300, 4319, 576, 362, 12569, 770, 577, 1400, 286, 727, 1286, 362, 2370, 13, 400, 550, 291, 534, 286, 576, 362, 3038, 646, 439, 729, 10070, 666, 264, 4471, 281, 915, 484, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08788784344991048, 'compression_ratio': 1.6385542168674698, 'no_speech_prob': 0.45724761486053467}, {'id': 376, 'seek': 363128, 'start': 3649.28, 'end': 3656.28, 'text': " Well, which of the dependent things can I now not do because I can't move at the speed I wanted to with this with the awareness raising.", 'tokens': [51264, 1042, 11, 597, 295, 264, 12334, 721, 393, 286, 586, 406, 360, 570, 286, 393, 380, 1286, 412, 264, 3073, 286, 1415, 281, 365, 341, 365, 264, 8888, 11225, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08788784344991048, 'compression_ratio': 1.6385542168674698, 'no_speech_prob': 0.45724761486053467}, {'id': 377, 'seek': 365628, 'start': 3656.28, 'end': 3665.28, 'text': ' I need to delve down to the next layer with all those items to find out if you have any showstoppers or blockers in terms of ability to move an appetite for movement.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 643, 281, 43098, 760, 281, 264, 958, 4583, 365, 439, 729, 4754, 281, 915, 484, 498, 291, 362, 604, 855, 13559, 21819, 420, 3461, 433, 294, 2115, 295, 3485, 281, 1286, 364, 23996, 337, 3963, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14830359097184806, 'compression_ratio': 1.5379310344827586, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2968361973762512}, {'id': 378, 'seek': 365628, 'start': 3665.28, 'end': 3670.28, 'text': ' And then reengineer if you have to pivot if you have to.', 'tokens': [50814, 400, 550, 319, 25609, 260, 498, 291, 362, 281, 14538, 498, 291, 362, 281, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14830359097184806, 'compression_ratio': 1.5379310344827586, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2968361973762512}, {'id': 379, 'seek': 367028, 'start': 3670.28, 'end': 3681.28, 'text': " I'm taking a lot farther than I ever do. Getting into really the tactical decisions as well as the large sort of broad strategic things that you can do the low.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 1940, 257, 688, 20344, 813, 286, 1562, 360, 13, 13674, 666, 534, 264, 26323, 5327, 382, 731, 382, 264, 2416, 1333, 295, 4152, 10924, 721, 300, 291, 393, 360, 264, 2295, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22318448247136297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6463878326996197, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8548237681388855}, {'id': 380, 'seek': 367028, 'start': 3681.28, 'end': 3697.28, 'text': " I mean I wasn't getting into those weeds either Damien to be fair this is this is if they then asked me to do it. That's, that's what I would have been doing and I think we all do that on the hoof anyway if we find out we've hit a blockage we'll we'll just rejig to cater.", 'tokens': [50914, 286, 914, 286, 2067, 380, 1242, 666, 729, 26370, 2139, 5885, 1053, 281, 312, 3143, 341, 307, 341, 307, 498, 436, 550, 2351, 385, 281, 360, 309, 13, 663, 311, 11, 300, 311, 437, 286, 576, 362, 668, 884, 293, 286, 519, 321, 439, 360, 300, 322, 264, 44974, 4033, 498, 321, 915, 484, 321, 600, 2045, 257, 3461, 609, 321, 603, 321, 603, 445, 319, 73, 328, 281, 21557, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22318448247136297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6463878326996197, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8548237681388855}, {'id': 381, 'seek': 369728, 'start': 3697.28, 'end': 3706.28, 'text': " Thank you Sarah. We have run out of time. You've got a couple of questions in the chat. If you wouldn't mind having a look at them and answering them.", 'tokens': [50364, 1044, 291, 9519, 13, 492, 362, 1190, 484, 295, 565, 13, 509, 600, 658, 257, 1916, 295, 1651, 294, 264, 5081, 13, 759, 291, 2759, 380, 1575, 1419, 257, 574, 412, 552, 293, 13430, 552, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19280816941034226, 'compression_ratio': 1.6212765957446809, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27881720662117004}, {'id': 382, 'seek': 369728, 'start': 3706.28, 'end': 3714.28, 'text': ' I want to move to Dennis who I know is prepared and a talk for us today as well. Dennis you want to introduce yourself in your talk.', 'tokens': [50814, 286, 528, 281, 1286, 281, 23376, 567, 286, 458, 307, 4927, 293, 257, 751, 337, 505, 965, 382, 731, 13, 23376, 291, 528, 281, 5366, 1803, 294, 428, 751, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19280816941034226, 'compression_ratio': 1.6212765957446809, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27881720662117004}, {'id': 383, 'seek': 369728, 'start': 3714.28, 'end': 3717.28, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [51214, 865, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19280816941034226, 'compression_ratio': 1.6212765957446809, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27881720662117004}, {'id': 384, 'seek': 369728, 'start': 3717.28, 'end': 3719.28, 'text': ' Can you hear me okay.', 'tokens': [51364, 1664, 291, 1568, 385, 1392, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19280816941034226, 'compression_ratio': 1.6212765957446809, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27881720662117004}, {'id': 385, 'seek': 369728, 'start': 3719.28, 'end': 3723.28, 'text': " You're great. I think we've got an echo one of your other mics is on.", 'tokens': [51464, 509, 434, 869, 13, 286, 519, 321, 600, 658, 364, 14300, 472, 295, 428, 661, 45481, 307, 322, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19280816941034226, 'compression_ratio': 1.6212765957446809, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27881720662117004}, {'id': 386, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3723.28, 'end': 3726.28, 'text': ' Okay.', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 387, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3726.28, 'end': 3730.28, 'text': ' Actually, let me do this.', 'tokens': [50514, 5135, 11, 718, 385, 360, 341, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 388, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3730.28, 'end': 3734.28, 'text': ' Sorry. I was just trying to see that.', 'tokens': [50714, 4919, 13, 286, 390, 445, 1382, 281, 536, 300, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 389, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3734.28, 'end': 3737.28, 'text': " Okay, so I'm going to share my screen.", 'tokens': [50914, 1033, 11, 370, 286, 478, 516, 281, 2073, 452, 2568, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 390, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3737.28, 'end': 3740.28, 'text': " And you should go to him you're okay. Yeah.", 'tokens': [51064, 400, 291, 820, 352, 281, 796, 291, 434, 1392, 13, 865, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 391, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3740.28, 'end': 3743.28, 'text': " You're great. Thanks to this.", 'tokens': [51214, 509, 434, 869, 13, 2561, 281, 341, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 392, 'seek': 372328, 'start': 3743.28, 'end': 3744.28, 'text': ' Great.', 'tokens': [51364, 3769, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3086566364063936, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09291352331638336}, {'id': 393, 'seek': 374428, 'start': 3744.28, 'end': 3760.28, 'text': " So, yeah, so I'm the, I'm the CISO and CTO of glass wall, which is actually a security company. And actually sorry.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 1338, 11, 370, 286, 478, 264, 11, 286, 478, 264, 383, 2343, 46, 293, 383, 15427, 295, 4276, 2929, 11, 597, 307, 767, 257, 3825, 2237, 13, 400, 767, 2597, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3438607035456477, 'compression_ratio': 1.1386138613861385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0477629080414772}, {'id': 394, 'seek': 376028, 'start': 3760.28, 'end': 3776.28, 'text': " And I have to say that these days I highly recommend if you're in security to also be the CTO because it's a great way to make things happen and to push security throughout the whole company.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 362, 281, 584, 300, 613, 1708, 286, 5405, 2748, 498, 291, 434, 294, 3825, 281, 611, 312, 264, 383, 15427, 570, 309, 311, 257, 869, 636, 281, 652, 721, 1051, 293, 281, 2944, 3825, 3710, 264, 1379, 2237, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1706877284579807, 'compression_ratio': 1.3450704225352113, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19717921316623688}, {'id': 395, 'seek': 377628, 'start': 3776.28, 'end': 3786.28, 'text': " I'm a big fan of mapping. I've introduced by mapping actually by Tony Richards, which I think was on, it might still be in the presentation.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 257, 955, 3429, 295, 18350, 13, 286, 600, 7268, 538, 18350, 767, 538, 10902, 33021, 11, 597, 286, 519, 390, 322, 11, 309, 1062, 920, 312, 294, 264, 5860, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14434383164590864, 'compression_ratio': 1.453125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5599037408828735}, {'id': 396, 'seek': 377628, 'start': 3786.28, 'end': 3795.28, 'text': ' And I was very privileged for Tony at the time to invite Simon to join on the open security summit that I was kind of helping to organize.', 'tokens': [50864, 400, 286, 390, 588, 25293, 337, 10902, 412, 264, 565, 281, 7980, 13193, 281, 3917, 322, 264, 1269, 3825, 21564, 300, 286, 390, 733, 295, 4315, 281, 13859, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14434383164590864, 'compression_ratio': 1.453125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5599037408828735}, {'id': 397, 'seek': 379528, 'start': 3795.28, 'end': 3811.28, 'text': ' And Simon has been a participant since so I was actually able to also learn from Simon, and I kind of did a lot of paradigm shifts throughout. So what I want to walk you through this presentation is my one of my views on the kind of why context is your crown rules and why you know, you need to', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 13193, 575, 668, 257, 24950, 1670, 370, 286, 390, 767, 1075, 281, 611, 1466, 490, 13193, 11, 293, 286, 733, 295, 630, 257, 688, 295, 24709, 19201, 3710, 13, 407, 437, 286, 528, 281, 1792, 291, 807, 341, 5860, 307, 452, 472, 295, 452, 6809, 322, 264, 733, 295, 983, 4319, 307, 428, 11841, 4474, 293, 983, 291, 458, 11, 291, 643, 281, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18224668502807617, 'compression_ratio': 1.73046875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5574806928634644}, {'id': 398, 'seek': 379528, 'start': 3811.28, 'end': 3821.28, 'text': " apply context in in the mapping that you do. So I'm going to walk you through a story so I want to talk about the kind of a big epiphany that I had.", 'tokens': [51164, 3079, 4319, 294, 294, 264, 18350, 300, 291, 360, 13, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1792, 291, 807, 257, 1657, 370, 286, 528, 281, 751, 466, 264, 733, 295, 257, 955, 2388, 24595, 1325, 300, 286, 632, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18224668502807617, 'compression_ratio': 1.73046875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5574806928634644}, {'id': 399, 'seek': 382128, 'start': 3821.28, 'end': 3837.28, 'text': ' And I realized that, you know, when I was looking at threat models worldly maps was one of the things that we can use to really unlock the threat model, and to really understand, you know, kind of the next steps and where to focus.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 5334, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 562, 286, 390, 1237, 412, 4734, 5245, 40397, 11317, 390, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 321, 393, 764, 281, 534, 11634, 264, 4734, 2316, 11, 293, 281, 534, 1223, 11, 291, 458, 11, 733, 295, 264, 958, 4439, 293, 689, 281, 1879, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1296306870200417, 'compression_ratio': 1.5931034482758621, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15503937005996704}, {'id': 400, 'seek': 383728, 'start': 3837.28, 'end': 3854.28, 'text': " So we have a glass wall proxy product which one things we're working on. Fundamentally, it's basically this the user clicks on a file from SharePoint, you know, there's a proxy that intercepts it sends to glass wall, and maybe 20 AV and glass wall basically rebuilds the file into a new file so", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 362, 257, 4276, 2929, 29690, 1674, 597, 472, 721, 321, 434, 1364, 322, 13, 13493, 2466, 379, 11, 309, 311, 1936, 341, 264, 4195, 18521, 322, 257, 3991, 490, 14945, 18705, 11, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 257, 29690, 300, 24700, 82, 309, 14790, 281, 4276, 2929, 11, 293, 1310, 945, 30198, 293, 4276, 2929, 1936, 16877, 82, 264, 3991, 666, 257, 777, 3991, 370, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2846654703919317, 'compression_ratio': 1.5154639175257731, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6371397972106934}, {'id': 401, 'seek': 385428, 'start': 3854.28, 'end': 3869.28, 'text': " you know, you can see the kind of the workflow, and we're building this and I'll walk you to the architecture. So basically this you know you pick the file sends to the I cap server, the adaptations, you know systems basically what it does everything because the I cap is the internet content adaptation protocol, and then", 'tokens': [50364, 291, 458, 11, 291, 393, 536, 264, 733, 295, 264, 20993, 11, 293, 321, 434, 2390, 341, 293, 286, 603, 1792, 291, 281, 264, 9482, 13, 407, 1936, 341, 291, 458, 291, 1888, 264, 3991, 14790, 281, 264, 286, 1410, 7154, 11, 264, 44465, 11, 291, 458, 3652, 1936, 437, 309, 775, 1203, 570, 264, 286, 1410, 307, 264, 4705, 2701, 21549, 10336, 11, 293, 550, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3821596690586635, 'compression_ratio': 1.694736842105263, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2922498881816864}, {'id': 402, 'seek': 386928, 'start': 3869.28, 'end': 3887.28, 'text': ' we have the transactions monitoring policies. We actually this is a very good example this part here of how we commoditizing a large chunks of this of this solution I can actually say that doing worldly maps already helped us to create a much better architecture so this is for example, one of the', 'tokens': [50364, 321, 362, 264, 16856, 11028, 7657, 13, 492, 767, 341, 307, 257, 588, 665, 1365, 341, 644, 510, 295, 577, 321, 19931, 270, 3319, 257, 2416, 24004, 295, 341, 295, 341, 3827, 286, 393, 767, 584, 300, 884, 40397, 11317, 1217, 4254, 505, 281, 1884, 257, 709, 1101, 9482, 370, 341, 307, 337, 1365, 11, 472, 295, 264, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24695967089745305, 'compression_ratio': 1.5714285714285714, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3993203341960907}, {'id': 403, 'seek': 388728, 'start': 3887.28, 'end': 3900.28, 'text': ' most likely dependencies between the multiple deployment models and we already building something that will run all the way from, you know, any way you can run Kubernetes to AWS zero any cloud provider.', 'tokens': [50364, 881, 3700, 36606, 1296, 264, 3866, 19317, 5245, 293, 321, 1217, 2390, 746, 300, 486, 1190, 439, 264, 636, 490, 11, 291, 458, 11, 604, 636, 291, 393, 1190, 23145, 281, 17650, 4018, 604, 4588, 12398, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24106599650251756, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05315684527158737}, {'id': 404, 'seek': 388728, 'start': 3900.28, 'end': 3915.28, 'text': ' So we minimize a lot of the dependencies and we build a quite a scalable solution. This is kind of the flow you get the file it goes to proxy hits the load balancer the I cap server, putting cues and and storage, everything gets processed in here the file get rebuilt safely and then it goes back to the user.', 'tokens': [51014, 407, 321, 17522, 257, 688, 295, 264, 36606, 293, 321, 1322, 257, 1596, 257, 38481, 3827, 13, 639, 307, 733, 295, 264, 3095, 291, 483, 264, 3991, 309, 1709, 281, 29690, 8664, 264, 3677, 3119, 28347, 264, 286, 1410, 7154, 11, 3372, 32192, 293, 293, 6725, 11, 1203, 2170, 18846, 294, 510, 264, 3991, 483, 38532, 11750, 293, 550, 309, 1709, 646, 281, 264, 4195, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24106599650251756, 'compression_ratio': 1.695364238410596, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05315684527158737}, {'id': 405, 'seek': 391528, 'start': 3915.28, 'end': 3921.28, 'text': ' So this is the one this is the scalable Kubernetes architecture multiple regions deployment.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 307, 264, 472, 341, 307, 264, 38481, 23145, 9482, 3866, 10682, 19317, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26454734802246094, 'compression_ratio': 1.6785714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08609901368618011}, {'id': 406, 'seek': 391528, 'start': 3921.28, 'end': 3932.28, 'text': ' And then you know this is kind of the flow to actually you know make sure the whole thing you know happens at the scalable with designing this so you basically can handle, you know, dozens or hundreds of 1000 pods happening in parallel.', 'tokens': [50664, 400, 550, 291, 458, 341, 307, 733, 295, 264, 3095, 281, 767, 291, 458, 652, 988, 264, 1379, 551, 291, 458, 2314, 412, 264, 38481, 365, 14685, 341, 370, 291, 1936, 393, 4813, 11, 291, 458, 11, 18431, 420, 6779, 295, 9714, 31925, 2737, 294, 8952, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26454734802246094, 'compression_ratio': 1.6785714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08609901368618011}, {'id': 407, 'seek': 393228, 'start': 3932.28, 'end': 3949.28, 'text': " And then you start to create a threat model to start to map the architecture map the threads, map what's going on, and put it in JIRA so this is very close to my heart this part here. This is a great.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 291, 722, 281, 1884, 257, 4734, 2316, 281, 722, 281, 4471, 264, 9482, 4471, 264, 19314, 11, 4471, 437, 311, 516, 322, 11, 293, 829, 309, 294, 50172, 3750, 370, 341, 307, 588, 1998, 281, 452, 1917, 341, 644, 510, 13, 639, 307, 257, 869, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.33553890081552357, 'compression_ratio': 1.4705882352941178, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5821313858032227}, {'id': 408, 'seek': 394928, 'start': 3949.28, 'end': 3964.28, 'text': ' So Petra and the team worked on this. So you actually start to take the systems and you start to map out the risk the vulnerabilities the assets, etc, etc and it becomes a gigantic graph, which is kind of what it is right so if you look at table is fundamentally a graph.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 10472, 424, 293, 264, 1469, 2732, 322, 341, 13, 407, 291, 767, 722, 281, 747, 264, 3652, 293, 291, 722, 281, 4471, 484, 264, 3148, 264, 37633, 264, 9769, 11, 5183, 11, 5183, 293, 309, 3643, 257, 26800, 4295, 11, 597, 307, 733, 295, 437, 309, 307, 558, 370, 498, 291, 574, 412, 3199, 307, 17879, 257, 4295, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1698053450811477, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3569726049900055}, {'id': 409, 'seek': 394928, 'start': 3964.28, 'end': 3978.28, 'text': " This is how we represent so in this case, every yellow box here is a JIRA ticket and there's a relationship between them. And then this is the threat model that we actually created, which you know if you don't write modeling you look quite familiar where you have, you know, trusted", 'tokens': [51114, 639, 307, 577, 321, 2906, 370, 294, 341, 1389, 11, 633, 5566, 2424, 510, 307, 257, 50172, 3750, 10550, 293, 456, 311, 257, 2480, 1296, 552, 13, 400, 550, 341, 307, 264, 4734, 2316, 300, 321, 767, 2942, 11, 597, 291, 458, 498, 291, 500, 380, 2464, 15983, 291, 574, 1596, 4963, 689, 291, 362, 11, 291, 458, 11, 16034, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1698053450811477, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3569726049900055}, {'id': 410, 'seek': 397828, 'start': 3978.28, 'end': 3991.28, 'text': ' networks, you have communication flows, etc, right, flowing through. Now, this was then actually I believe doing the threat modeling tool. Now, Microsoft the threat modeling tool, but you can do it with Visio with others which is kind of what most people use or draw out.', 'tokens': [50364, 9590, 11, 291, 362, 6101, 12867, 11, 5183, 11, 558, 11, 13974, 807, 13, 823, 11, 341, 390, 550, 767, 286, 1697, 884, 264, 4734, 15983, 2290, 13, 823, 11, 8116, 264, 4734, 15983, 2290, 11, 457, 291, 393, 360, 309, 365, 10410, 1004, 365, 2357, 597, 307, 733, 295, 437, 881, 561, 764, 420, 2642, 484, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36036842100081906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5755813953488371, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0644080713391304}, {'id': 411, 'seek': 399128, 'start': 3991.28, 'end': 4010.28, 'text': ' Now, the problem with this thing, right, is that most of threat models are just works of art. And I wrote this really interesting article, a while back, where I really kind of go to town on on sort of like the need to use that language, but also why something like Visio which is can be used to', 'tokens': [50364, 823, 11, 264, 1154, 365, 341, 551, 11, 558, 11, 307, 300, 881, 295, 4734, 5245, 366, 445, 1985, 295, 1523, 13, 400, 286, 4114, 341, 534, 1880, 7222, 11, 257, 1339, 646, 11, 689, 286, 534, 733, 295, 352, 281, 3954, 322, 322, 1333, 295, 411, 264, 643, 281, 764, 300, 2856, 11, 457, 611, 983, 746, 411, 10410, 1004, 597, 307, 393, 312, 1143, 281, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1638123418243838, 'compression_ratio': 1.572192513368984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0938071683049202}, {'id': 412, 'seek': 401028, 'start': 4010.28, 'end': 4025.28, 'text': " create diagrams like this, don't scale right and fundamentally is it takes a lot of time, they created from some as interpretation of reality they become a work of art, they can look quite beautiful but at the end of the day you know their interpretation they're not created", 'tokens': [50364, 1884, 36709, 411, 341, 11, 500, 380, 4373, 558, 293, 17879, 307, 309, 2516, 257, 688, 295, 565, 11, 436, 2942, 490, 512, 382, 14174, 295, 4103, 436, 1813, 257, 589, 295, 1523, 11, 436, 393, 574, 1596, 2238, 457, 412, 264, 917, 295, 264, 786, 291, 458, 641, 14174, 436, 434, 406, 2942, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15026166417577244, 'compression_ratio': 1.7417218543046358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7118914127349854}, {'id': 413, 'seek': 401028, 'start': 4025.28, 'end': 4037.28, 'text': " from dynamic data which is a massive problem. The layout is pixel based which basically means that you actually need to put the things where you want them to be, you're going to be locked to a design convention is very easy to make subtraction layers.", 'tokens': [51114, 490, 8546, 1412, 597, 307, 257, 5994, 1154, 13, 440, 13333, 307, 19261, 2361, 597, 1936, 1355, 300, 291, 767, 643, 281, 829, 264, 721, 689, 291, 528, 552, 281, 312, 11, 291, 434, 516, 281, 312, 9376, 281, 257, 1715, 10286, 307, 588, 1858, 281, 652, 16390, 313, 7914, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15026166417577244, 'compression_ratio': 1.7417218543046358, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7118914127349854}, {'id': 414, 'seek': 403728, 'start': 4037.28, 'end': 4052.28, 'text': " So, you know, in binary or XML format again is very hard to diff, they mix data and design in the same file, and they very hard to update, and they know an actual representation of reality, and they're not used every day right and they usually not maps, but most days they never a map.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 294, 17434, 420, 43484, 7877, 797, 307, 588, 1152, 281, 7593, 11, 436, 2890, 1412, 293, 1715, 294, 264, 912, 3991, 11, 293, 436, 588, 1152, 281, 5623, 11, 293, 436, 458, 364, 3539, 10290, 295, 4103, 11, 293, 436, 434, 406, 1143, 633, 786, 558, 293, 436, 2673, 406, 11317, 11, 457, 881, 1708, 436, 1128, 257, 4471, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.334951677184174, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.046524807810783386}, {'id': 415, 'seek': 405228, 'start': 4052.28, 'end': 4067.28, 'text': " This is almost the reason why very few teams have up to date documentations, and also why a threat model, you know, even after a while becomes out of date because it doesn't reflect the changes when the design of the changes in coding right so I kind of think that.", 'tokens': [50364, 639, 307, 1920, 264, 1778, 983, 588, 1326, 5491, 362, 493, 281, 4002, 4166, 763, 11, 293, 611, 983, 257, 4734, 2316, 11, 291, 458, 11, 754, 934, 257, 1339, 3643, 484, 295, 4002, 570, 309, 1177, 380, 5031, 264, 2962, 562, 264, 1715, 295, 264, 2962, 294, 17720, 558, 370, 286, 733, 295, 519, 300, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15170711767478068, 'compression_ratio': 1.4887640449438202, 'no_speech_prob': 0.27113252878189087}, {'id': 416, 'seek': 406728, 'start': 4067.28, 'end': 4078.28, 'text': ' So, first of all, the first thing you need to do is you need to move a threat model to a plan to ML. And this is the big also one of the people needs to have with maps is that, you know, you can do maps on paper when works well.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 700, 295, 439, 11, 264, 700, 551, 291, 643, 281, 360, 307, 291, 643, 281, 1286, 257, 4734, 2316, 281, 257, 1393, 281, 21601, 13, 400, 341, 307, 264, 955, 611, 472, 295, 264, 561, 2203, 281, 362, 365, 11317, 307, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 393, 360, 11317, 322, 3035, 562, 1985, 731, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887840678673664, 'compression_ratio': 1.9430604982206405, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1532970368862152}, {'id': 417, 'seek': 406728, 'start': 4078.28, 'end': 4095.28, 'text': ' But if you really want to scale maps you need to start with graphs, right, you need to really start with graphs you need to start with something like this so this is the variation of that same diagram where you could see the request goes from the user to the proxy, you know, by the proxy hits the icon server puts on', 'tokens': [50914, 583, 498, 291, 534, 528, 281, 4373, 11317, 291, 643, 281, 722, 365, 24877, 11, 558, 11, 291, 643, 281, 534, 722, 365, 24877, 291, 643, 281, 722, 365, 746, 411, 341, 370, 341, 307, 264, 12990, 295, 300, 912, 10686, 689, 291, 727, 536, 264, 5308, 1709, 490, 264, 4195, 281, 264, 29690, 11, 291, 458, 11, 538, 264, 29690, 8664, 264, 6528, 7154, 8137, 322, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887840678673664, 'compression_ratio': 1.9430604982206405, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1532970368862152}, {'id': 418, 'seek': 409528, 'start': 4095.28, 'end': 4108.280000000001, 'text': " the proxy that starts the pod, the pod takes the file from the store then writes events and puts the result here puts it and then you know there's this concept of non compliant file service which can I be on interpretation or third party, and then the administrative", 'tokens': [50364, 264, 29690, 300, 3719, 264, 2497, 11, 264, 2497, 2516, 264, 3991, 490, 264, 3531, 550, 13657, 3931, 293, 8137, 264, 1874, 510, 8137, 309, 293, 550, 291, 458, 456, 311, 341, 3410, 295, 2107, 36248, 3991, 2643, 597, 393, 286, 312, 322, 14174, 420, 2636, 3595, 11, 293, 550, 264, 17900, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.304186985410493, 'compression_ratio': 1.7563025210084033, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05705592408776283}, {'id': 419, 'seek': 409528, 'start': 4108.280000000001, 'end': 4116.280000000001, 'text': ' cluster so you could see here three different clusters already working together, you know, we commoditize you know that productizing that that concept.', 'tokens': [51014, 13630, 370, 291, 727, 536, 510, 1045, 819, 23313, 1217, 1364, 1214, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 19931, 270, 1125, 291, 458, 300, 1674, 3319, 300, 300, 3410, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.304186985410493, 'compression_ratio': 1.7563025210084033, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05705592408776283}, {'id': 420, 'seek': 411628, 'start': 4116.28, 'end': 4127.28, 'text': ' Now you can see here right you can, the power of these you can actually write text, and it becomes like this so this eventually this should even be done programmatically, but this is already much easier to maintain much easy to diff.', 'tokens': [50364, 823, 291, 393, 536, 510, 558, 291, 393, 11, 264, 1347, 295, 613, 291, 393, 767, 2464, 2487, 11, 293, 309, 3643, 411, 341, 370, 341, 4728, 341, 820, 754, 312, 1096, 37648, 5030, 11, 457, 341, 307, 1217, 709, 3571, 281, 6909, 709, 1858, 281, 7593, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17316141862135667, 'compression_ratio': 1.8, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08232835680246353}, {'id': 421, 'seek': 411628, 'start': 4127.28, 'end': 4144.28, 'text': " And, and although I don't control the actual design, it already gives you a good sense of what's happening. So, the next step is to create a version where you actually, you know, create you know this is kind of left to right this is more of a top down, having an anchor at the top and you can see the same sequence of events from the", 'tokens': [50914, 400, 11, 293, 4878, 286, 500, 380, 1969, 264, 3539, 1715, 11, 309, 1217, 2709, 291, 257, 665, 2020, 295, 437, 311, 2737, 13, 407, 11, 264, 958, 1823, 307, 281, 1884, 257, 3037, 689, 291, 767, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1884, 291, 458, 341, 307, 733, 295, 1411, 281, 558, 341, 307, 544, 295, 257, 1192, 760, 11, 1419, 364, 18487, 412, 264, 1192, 293, 291, 393, 536, 264, 912, 8310, 295, 3931, 490, 264, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17316141862135667, 'compression_ratio': 1.8, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08232835680246353}, {'id': 422, 'seek': 414428, 'start': 4144.28, 'end': 4156.28, 'text': ' website which is the target environment to the user. Now, the problem with this and I find one thing so this is again this is how you write it, and you can see that that this creates that you know that.', 'tokens': [50364, 3144, 597, 307, 264, 3779, 2823, 281, 264, 4195, 13, 823, 11, 264, 1154, 365, 341, 293, 286, 915, 472, 551, 370, 341, 307, 797, 341, 307, 577, 291, 2464, 309, 11, 293, 291, 393, 536, 300, 300, 341, 7829, 300, 291, 458, 300, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19449492367831142, 'compression_ratio': 1.7471698113207548, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08716677129268646}, {'id': 423, 'seek': 414428, 'start': 4156.28, 'end': 4171.28, 'text': " Now, the question is either threat modeling a map. Right. So if we look at Simon was definition of a map which I think is great is, is a visual context position anchor movement and components so you could say it's visual yes, has a bit of context, kind of yes,", 'tokens': [50964, 823, 11, 264, 1168, 307, 2139, 4734, 15983, 257, 4471, 13, 1779, 13, 407, 498, 321, 574, 412, 13193, 390, 7123, 295, 257, 4471, 597, 286, 519, 307, 869, 307, 11, 307, 257, 5056, 4319, 2535, 18487, 3963, 293, 6677, 370, 291, 727, 584, 309, 311, 5056, 2086, 11, 575, 257, 857, 295, 4319, 11, 733, 295, 2086, 11, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19449492367831142, 'compression_ratio': 1.7471698113207548, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08716677129268646}, {'id': 424, 'seek': 417128, 'start': 4171.28, 'end': 4189.28, 'text': " position in no there's no position if I move this one over here. And, and I move, you know, another elements over there, you know, it doesn't have the anchor just about have one not really sure you kind of, you know, it's easy when you go top to bottom, but you could probably argue that has a bit of an anchor at the top,", 'tokens': [50364, 2535, 294, 572, 456, 311, 572, 2535, 498, 286, 1286, 341, 472, 670, 510, 13, 400, 11, 293, 286, 1286, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1071, 4959, 670, 456, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 1177, 380, 362, 264, 18487, 445, 466, 362, 472, 406, 534, 988, 291, 733, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 1858, 562, 291, 352, 1192, 281, 2767, 11, 457, 291, 727, 1391, 9695, 300, 575, 257, 857, 295, 364, 18487, 412, 264, 1192, 11, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2207199189721084, 'compression_ratio': 1.6770833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.26817023754119873}, {'id': 425, 'seek': 418928, 'start': 4189.28, 'end': 4201.28, 'text': " but there's no movement again there's no, there's, you know, you can not it's hard to now apply because position doesn't matter. It's hard to say if I move this over there if I move that, and then he has components, but it's definitely not a map.", 'tokens': [50364, 457, 456, 311, 572, 3963, 797, 456, 311, 572, 11, 456, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 393, 406, 309, 311, 1152, 281, 586, 3079, 570, 2535, 1177, 380, 1871, 13, 467, 311, 1152, 281, 584, 498, 286, 1286, 341, 670, 456, 498, 286, 1286, 300, 11, 293, 550, 415, 575, 6677, 11, 457, 309, 311, 2138, 406, 257, 4471, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20233441781306613, 'compression_ratio': 1.9263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.34100934863090515}, {'id': 426, 'seek': 418928, 'start': 4201.28, 'end': 4217.28, 'text': " So, let's make position matter. So if we take the original designer we make you like this so let's say level one two three and four, where, you know we went from this one and left to the one on the right, you could see that now position matter now if I move the proxy I cap to level one, or share point", 'tokens': [50964, 407, 11, 718, 311, 652, 2535, 1871, 13, 407, 498, 321, 747, 264, 3380, 11795, 321, 652, 291, 411, 341, 370, 718, 311, 584, 1496, 472, 732, 1045, 293, 1451, 11, 689, 11, 291, 458, 321, 1437, 490, 341, 472, 293, 1411, 281, 264, 472, 322, 264, 558, 11, 291, 727, 536, 300, 586, 2535, 1871, 586, 498, 286, 1286, 264, 29690, 286, 1410, 281, 1496, 472, 11, 420, 2073, 935, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20233441781306613, 'compression_ratio': 1.9263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.34100934863090515}, {'id': 427, 'seek': 421728, 'start': 4217.28, 'end': 4228.28, 'text': " three, now that will mean something the question is, what does level one two and three and four actually mean. Right, so let's look at a really cool example, and actually actually before look at that.", 'tokens': [50364, 1045, 11, 586, 300, 486, 914, 746, 264, 1168, 307, 11, 437, 775, 1496, 472, 732, 293, 1045, 293, 1451, 767, 914, 13, 1779, 11, 370, 718, 311, 574, 412, 257, 534, 1627, 1365, 11, 293, 767, 767, 949, 574, 412, 300, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19276573874733666, 'compression_ratio': 1.8409090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13046224415302277}, {'id': 428, 'seek': 421728, 'start': 4228.28, 'end': 4242.28, 'text': ' The one of the things you could also do with this. And this is probably the first question that you can answer with the map very, especially with the more traditional worldly map is, what do you build, what do you buy, what do you outsource right so if I have something that looks like', 'tokens': [50914, 440, 472, 295, 264, 721, 291, 727, 611, 360, 365, 341, 13, 400, 341, 307, 1391, 264, 700, 1168, 300, 291, 393, 1867, 365, 264, 4471, 588, 11, 2318, 365, 264, 544, 5164, 40397, 4471, 307, 11, 437, 360, 291, 1322, 11, 437, 360, 291, 2256, 11, 437, 360, 291, 14758, 2948, 558, 370, 498, 286, 362, 746, 300, 1542, 411, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19276573874733666, 'compression_ratio': 1.8409090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13046224415302277}, {'id': 429, 'seek': 424228, 'start': 4242.28, 'end': 4256.28, 'text': " this, right, which one do I do it right you know there is, you know, I do I do this one but I do that one I do that one you know this is where there's that funny slide from from Simon where you know, you can do it in Elvis right or you can do it clean on", 'tokens': [50364, 341, 11, 558, 11, 597, 472, 360, 286, 360, 309, 558, 291, 458, 456, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 286, 360, 286, 360, 341, 472, 457, 286, 360, 300, 472, 286, 360, 300, 472, 291, 458, 341, 307, 689, 456, 311, 300, 4074, 4137, 490, 490, 13193, 689, 291, 458, 11, 291, 393, 360, 309, 294, 39944, 558, 420, 291, 393, 360, 309, 2541, 322, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18375683547858906, 'compression_ratio': 2.035019455252918, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5131235122680664}, {'id': 430, 'seek': 424228, 'start': 4256.28, 'end': 4271.28, 'text': " right, you know which one do I do right, you know, at this level you don't have enough context, but if I told you that, you know, for example, from the maturity of the individual components, this is what they look like, right, then it becomes easy to understand what I", 'tokens': [51064, 558, 11, 291, 458, 597, 472, 360, 286, 360, 558, 11, 291, 458, 11, 412, 341, 1496, 291, 500, 380, 362, 1547, 4319, 11, 457, 498, 286, 1907, 291, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 490, 264, 28874, 295, 264, 2609, 6677, 11, 341, 307, 437, 436, 574, 411, 11, 558, 11, 550, 309, 3643, 1858, 281, 1223, 437, 286, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18375683547858906, 'compression_ratio': 2.035019455252918, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5131235122680664}, {'id': 431, 'seek': 427128, 'start': 4271.28, 'end': 4284.28, 'text': " should do, outsource what I should buy, and what I should build. So you can see here now I moved into the commodity things that just happens the stuff that today there's a product, a product that we're using open source or not.", 'tokens': [50364, 820, 360, 11, 14758, 2948, 437, 286, 820, 2256, 11, 293, 437, 286, 820, 1322, 13, 407, 291, 393, 536, 510, 586, 286, 4259, 666, 264, 29125, 721, 300, 445, 2314, 264, 1507, 300, 965, 456, 311, 257, 1674, 11, 257, 1674, 300, 321, 434, 1228, 1269, 4009, 420, 406, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16855869073977417, 'compression_ratio': 1.733644859813084, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06637581437826157}, {'id': 432, 'seek': 427128, 'start': 4284.28, 'end': 4291.28, 'text': " And then you know the bits that at the moment there's no product to actually do it where in these cases the ones that we actually doing coding.", 'tokens': [51014, 400, 550, 291, 458, 264, 9239, 300, 412, 264, 1623, 456, 311, 572, 1674, 281, 767, 360, 309, 689, 294, 613, 3331, 264, 2306, 300, 321, 767, 884, 17720, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16855869073977417, 'compression_ratio': 1.733644859813084, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06637581437826157}, {'id': 433, 'seek': 429128, 'start': 4291.28, 'end': 4303.28, 'text': " And that's very powerful because what you want to see when you do development is that you don't want to, for example, spend time developing cues or data stores, when there's already a good product in the market for it.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 588, 4005, 570, 437, 291, 528, 281, 536, 562, 291, 360, 3250, 307, 300, 291, 500, 380, 528, 281, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 3496, 565, 6416, 32192, 420, 1412, 9512, 11, 562, 456, 311, 1217, 257, 665, 1674, 294, 264, 2142, 337, 309, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1305693487326304, 'compression_ratio': 1.7210300429184548, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5030450224876404}, {'id': 434, 'seek': 429128, 'start': 4303.28, 'end': 4314.28, 'text': ' So, you know, if I if I look at where where the teams are working on, I would actually expect to see the main development to occur here on the left, nothing here on the right, right.', 'tokens': [50964, 407, 11, 291, 458, 11, 498, 286, 498, 286, 574, 412, 689, 689, 264, 5491, 366, 1364, 322, 11, 286, 576, 767, 2066, 281, 536, 264, 2135, 3250, 281, 5160, 510, 322, 264, 1411, 11, 1825, 510, 322, 264, 558, 11, 558, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1305693487326304, 'compression_ratio': 1.7210300429184548, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5030450224876404}, {'id': 435, 'seek': 431428, 'start': 4314.28, 'end': 4324.28, 'text': " So that's kind of the more traditional. Let's look at security. Here's a cool example right. If I look at this again now which which bits handle confidential data which ones I should care about.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 311, 733, 295, 264, 544, 5164, 13, 961, 311, 574, 412, 3825, 13, 1692, 311, 257, 1627, 1365, 558, 13, 759, 286, 574, 412, 341, 797, 586, 597, 597, 9239, 4813, 27054, 1412, 597, 2306, 286, 820, 1127, 466, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13625845909118653, 'compression_ratio': 1.5231481481481481, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3304467797279358}, {'id': 436, 'seek': 431428, 'start': 4324.28, 'end': 4334.28, 'text': ' Now, here is a better view so now this is a view that says, every one of these boxes will touch in this case the file from SharePoint.', 'tokens': [50864, 823, 11, 510, 307, 257, 1101, 1910, 370, 586, 341, 307, 257, 1910, 300, 1619, 11, 633, 472, 295, 613, 9002, 486, 2557, 294, 341, 1389, 264, 3991, 490, 14945, 18705, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13625845909118653, 'compression_ratio': 1.5231481481481481, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3304467797279358}, {'id': 437, 'seek': 433428, 'start': 4334.28, 'end': 4345.28, 'text': ' And this matters, because I now need to know that I need to apply, you know, for example, the stuff that Sarah was talking about, you know, to every one of these boxes.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 341, 7001, 11, 570, 286, 586, 643, 281, 458, 300, 286, 643, 281, 3079, 11, 291, 458, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 264, 1507, 300, 9519, 390, 1417, 466, 11, 291, 458, 11, 281, 633, 472, 295, 613, 9002, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10456262609010102, 'compression_ratio': 1.6711111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.25946393609046936}, {'id': 438, 'seek': 433428, 'start': 4345.28, 'end': 4358.28, 'text': " It's important to now be able to understand that, you know, you know, we need to protect it. But the other thing that we also make here a big jump is we saying that the logging data has no confidential data.", 'tokens': [50914, 467, 311, 1021, 281, 586, 312, 1075, 281, 1223, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 643, 281, 2371, 309, 13, 583, 264, 661, 551, 300, 321, 611, 652, 510, 257, 955, 3012, 307, 321, 1566, 300, 264, 27991, 1412, 575, 572, 27054, 1412, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10456262609010102, 'compression_ratio': 1.6711111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.25946393609046936}, {'id': 439, 'seek': 435828, 'start': 4358.28, 'end': 4375.28, 'text': " That's a massive jump, where now we have something even from a security point of view that we want to make sure that is correct. We want to make sure that, okay, the assumption here is that the logging and the stuff that takes logings has no confidential data which you know, it takes a lot of work, but reduces the attack surface.", 'tokens': [50364, 663, 311, 257, 5994, 3012, 11, 689, 586, 321, 362, 746, 754, 490, 257, 3825, 935, 295, 1910, 300, 321, 528, 281, 652, 988, 300, 307, 3006, 13, 492, 528, 281, 652, 988, 300, 11, 1392, 11, 264, 15302, 510, 307, 300, 264, 27991, 293, 264, 1507, 300, 2516, 3565, 1109, 575, 572, 27054, 1412, 597, 291, 458, 11, 309, 2516, 257, 688, 295, 589, 11, 457, 18081, 264, 2690, 3753, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.169096218912225, 'compression_ratio': 1.6386138613861385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08496721088886261}, {'id': 440, 'seek': 437528, 'start': 4375.28, 'end': 4396.28, 'text': " Now, let me just fast last example. I really like this one from a security point of view, which is, you know, when you're applying security again you look at this is where should I put my security efforts, where should I make sure that I can actually, you know, be strategic on how I apply risk decisions.", 'tokens': [50364, 823, 11, 718, 385, 445, 2370, 1036, 1365, 13, 286, 534, 411, 341, 472, 490, 257, 3825, 935, 295, 1910, 11, 597, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 562, 291, 434, 9275, 3825, 797, 291, 574, 412, 341, 307, 689, 820, 286, 829, 452, 3825, 6484, 11, 689, 820, 286, 652, 988, 300, 286, 393, 767, 11, 291, 458, 11, 312, 10924, 322, 577, 286, 3079, 3148, 5327, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0996296140882704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5968586387434556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06345851719379425}, {'id': 441, 'seek': 439628, 'start': 4396.28, 'end': 4408.28, 'text': " So here's a view where I'm going to show you how fast can you patch each of the solutions. So the logic here is that, for example, in this case you can patch let's say the source code doesn't exist.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 510, 311, 257, 1910, 689, 286, 478, 516, 281, 855, 291, 577, 2370, 393, 291, 9972, 1184, 295, 264, 6547, 13, 407, 264, 9952, 510, 307, 300, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 294, 341, 1389, 291, 393, 9972, 718, 311, 584, 264, 4009, 3089, 1177, 380, 2514, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09026350156225339, 'compression_ratio': 1.7079646017699115, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1383652538061142}, {'id': 442, 'seek': 439628, 'start': 4408.28, 'end': 4418.28, 'text': " You know, you're using a binary, you know, you cannot actually put a patch on this one. This one will take weeks to patch, right at best case, this might take days, this might take hours.", 'tokens': [50964, 509, 458, 11, 291, 434, 1228, 257, 17434, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 2644, 767, 829, 257, 9972, 322, 341, 472, 13, 639, 472, 486, 747, 3259, 281, 9972, 11, 558, 412, 1151, 1389, 11, 341, 1062, 747, 1708, 11, 341, 1062, 747, 2496, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09026350156225339, 'compression_ratio': 1.7079646017699115, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1383652538061142}, {'id': 443, 'seek': 441828, 'start': 4418.28, 'end': 4429.28, 'text': " Now what's interesting about this is that suddenly you get a sense of what you need to protect. You can also get a sense of risk. So if this was reality in this case it's not I just made it up.", 'tokens': [50364, 823, 437, 311, 1880, 466, 341, 307, 300, 5800, 291, 483, 257, 2020, 295, 437, 291, 643, 281, 2371, 13, 509, 393, 611, 483, 257, 2020, 295, 3148, 13, 407, 498, 341, 390, 4103, 294, 341, 1389, 309, 311, 406, 286, 445, 1027, 309, 493, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1584837190036116, 'compression_ratio': 1.8522727272727273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15799838304519653}, {'id': 444, 'seek': 441828, 'start': 4429.28, 'end': 4446.28, 'text': ' But if this was reality, that rebuild store is a massive risk, right. Why is that store difference then for example, that store right or that store right so basically, you know, we need to understand but also why is it taking me weeks to patch for example this, you know, is it because maybe the', 'tokens': [50914, 583, 498, 341, 390, 4103, 11, 300, 16877, 3531, 307, 257, 5994, 3148, 11, 558, 13, 1545, 307, 300, 3531, 2649, 550, 337, 1365, 11, 300, 3531, 558, 420, 300, 3531, 558, 370, 1936, 11, 291, 458, 11, 321, 643, 281, 1223, 457, 611, 983, 307, 309, 1940, 385, 3259, 281, 9972, 337, 1365, 341, 11, 291, 458, 11, 307, 309, 570, 1310, 264, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1584837190036116, 'compression_ratio': 1.8522727272727273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15799838304519653}, {'id': 445, 'seek': 444628, 'start': 4446.28, 'end': 4459.28, 'text': " timeline is not mature enough. Maybe, you know, it's something more and more custom so it becomes very interesting to understand, you know, maybe SharePoint, you know, depends on Microsoft to push the fix right the proxy I cap actually depends on the appliance.", 'tokens': [50364, 12933, 307, 406, 14442, 1547, 13, 2704, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 746, 544, 293, 544, 2375, 370, 309, 3643, 588, 1880, 281, 1223, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1310, 14945, 18705, 11, 291, 458, 11, 5946, 322, 8116, 281, 2944, 264, 3191, 558, 264, 29690, 286, 1410, 767, 5946, 322, 264, 45646, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13164803878120754, 'compression_ratio': 1.8135593220338984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10633742064237595}, {'id': 446, 'seek': 444628, 'start': 4459.28, 'end': 4472.28, 'text': " So there's a bunch of stuff that you can move here with better automation and better processes but others that you can't. So you then need to understand, even when you're doing a security incident or when you're mapping your security practices, where do you actually focus.", 'tokens': [51014, 407, 456, 311, 257, 3840, 295, 1507, 300, 291, 393, 1286, 510, 365, 1101, 17769, 293, 1101, 7555, 457, 2357, 300, 291, 393, 380, 13, 407, 291, 550, 643, 281, 1223, 11, 754, 562, 291, 434, 884, 257, 3825, 9348, 420, 562, 291, 434, 18350, 428, 3825, 7525, 11, 689, 360, 291, 767, 1879, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13164803878120754, 'compression_ratio': 1.8135593220338984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10633742064237595}, {'id': 447, 'seek': 447228, 'start': 4472.28, 'end': 4490.28, 'text': ' So these are found sometimes that we do in security, and this is where it goes back to the whole thing context matters. Sometimes you find that when you look at this, or when you look at, you know, maybe the original mappings, you know where you have that the security teams tend to work where you actually', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 613, 366, 1352, 2171, 300, 321, 360, 294, 3825, 11, 293, 341, 307, 689, 309, 1709, 646, 281, 264, 1379, 551, 4319, 7001, 13, 4803, 291, 915, 300, 562, 291, 574, 412, 341, 11, 420, 562, 291, 574, 412, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1310, 264, 3380, 463, 28968, 11, 291, 458, 689, 291, 362, 300, 264, 3825, 5491, 3928, 281, 589, 689, 291, 767, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17495691603508548, 'compression_ratio': 1.7485714285714287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23036780953407288}, {'id': 448, 'seek': 449028, 'start': 4490.28, 'end': 4508.28, 'text': " have a lot of traction. So if you go back to the design, the security teams tend to work in places where you actually have a lot of a lot of, you know, traction, you know, basically, you can make changes, people respond to it and again if you go back to the reason design, I don't have context to make that decision", 'tokens': [50364, 362, 257, 688, 295, 23558, 13, 407, 498, 291, 352, 646, 281, 264, 1715, 11, 264, 3825, 5491, 3928, 281, 589, 294, 3190, 689, 291, 767, 362, 257, 688, 295, 257, 688, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 23558, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1936, 11, 291, 393, 652, 2962, 11, 561, 4196, 281, 309, 293, 797, 498, 291, 352, 646, 281, 264, 1778, 1715, 11, 286, 500, 380, 362, 4319, 281, 652, 300, 3537, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19029055013285054, 'compression_ratio': 1.721311475409836, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5217832922935486}, {'id': 449, 'seek': 450828, 'start': 4508.28, 'end': 4521.28, 'text': " and you can compare now this this map here on on the right especially where I'm highlighted with the mouse with this one, you could see that the last one I have context to know where I should focus.", 'tokens': [50364, 293, 291, 393, 6794, 586, 341, 341, 4471, 510, 322, 322, 264, 558, 2318, 689, 286, 478, 17173, 365, 264, 9719, 365, 341, 472, 11, 291, 727, 536, 300, 264, 1036, 472, 286, 362, 4319, 281, 458, 689, 286, 820, 1879, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2759962911191194, 'compression_ratio': 1.4776119402985075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5370990037918091}, {'id': 450, 'seek': 452128, 'start': 4521.28, 'end': 4538.28, 'text': ' The interesting angle here is you might find that because you can push a security fix in hours to this ones. Ironically, this might not be your highest risk, because the other question you to ask is how much damage can be done in hours or days or weeks.', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 1880, 5802, 510, 307, 291, 1062, 915, 300, 570, 291, 393, 2944, 257, 3825, 3191, 294, 2496, 281, 341, 2306, 13, 13720, 984, 11, 341, 1062, 406, 312, 428, 6343, 3148, 11, 570, 264, 661, 1168, 291, 281, 1029, 307, 577, 709, 4344, 393, 312, 1096, 294, 2496, 420, 1708, 420, 3259, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14434224161608467, 'compression_ratio': 1.5333333333333334, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8724924325942993}, {'id': 451, 'seek': 453828, 'start': 4538.28, 'end': 4553.28, 'text': " So you can find out what you think a lower risk system versus let's say the ICAP or the other some service, but the reality is this one if he gets exploited we can fix it very fast. If the original store get exploited, we're going to take weeks to patch right", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 393, 915, 484, 437, 291, 519, 257, 3126, 3148, 1185, 5717, 718, 311, 584, 264, 14360, 4715, 420, 264, 661, 512, 2643, 11, 457, 264, 4103, 307, 341, 472, 498, 415, 2170, 40918, 321, 393, 3191, 309, 588, 2370, 13, 759, 264, 3380, 3531, 483, 40918, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 747, 3259, 281, 9972, 558, 51114], 'temperature': 0.2, 'avg_logprob': -0.38812861904021234, 'compression_ratio': 1.48, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5833823084831238}, {'id': 452, 'seek': 455328, 'start': 4553.28, 'end': 4577.28, 'text': ' So this is where you know context really matters and and and with maps, you can really start to understand this and by the way, you know this is a worldly map but just you know, I just put the things at the top, because I plan to ML, which what I was using, and also my view of this is that this is, you know, you want to create this programmatically and eventually this should be created actually from code.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 307, 689, 291, 458, 4319, 534, 7001, 293, 293, 293, 365, 11317, 11, 291, 393, 534, 722, 281, 1223, 341, 293, 538, 264, 636, 11, 291, 458, 341, 307, 257, 40397, 4471, 457, 445, 291, 458, 11, 286, 445, 829, 264, 721, 412, 264, 1192, 11, 570, 286, 1393, 281, 21601, 11, 597, 437, 286, 390, 1228, 11, 293, 611, 452, 1910, 295, 341, 307, 300, 341, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 528, 281, 1884, 341, 37648, 5030, 293, 4728, 341, 820, 312, 2942, 767, 490, 3089, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23293230668553766, 'compression_ratio': 1.7677165354330708, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8129437565803528}, {'id': 453, 'seek': 455328, 'start': 4577.28, 'end': 4582.28, 'text': ' And thank you. That was my presentation.', 'tokens': [51564, 400, 1309, 291, 13, 663, 390, 452, 5860, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23293230668553766, 'compression_ratio': 1.7677165354330708, 'no_speech_prob': 0.8129437565803528}, {'id': 454, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4582.28, 'end': 4587.28, 'text': ' Wow, Dennis. And could you go back to the hallway and just start again.', 'tokens': [50364, 3153, 11, 23376, 13, 400, 727, 291, 352, 646, 281, 264, 23903, 293, 445, 722, 797, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 455, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4587.28, 'end': 4593.28, 'text': ' You took us through so much. That was really, really good. Thank you.', 'tokens': [50614, 509, 1890, 505, 807, 370, 709, 13, 663, 390, 534, 11, 534, 665, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 456, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4593.28, 'end': 4601.28, 'text': ' Can you hear me okay Dennis.', 'tokens': [50914, 1664, 291, 1568, 385, 1392, 23376, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 457, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4601.28, 'end': 4602.28, 'text': ' Hello.', 'tokens': [51314, 2425, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 458, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4602.28, 'end': 4604.28, 'text': ' So, hi there.', 'tokens': [51364, 407, 11, 4879, 456, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 459, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4604.28, 'end': 4605.28, 'text': ' Sorry.', 'tokens': [51464, 4919, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 460, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4605.28, 'end': 4606.28, 'text': ' Can you hear me okay.', 'tokens': [51514, 1664, 291, 1568, 385, 1392, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 461, 'seek': 458228, 'start': 4606.28, 'end': 4607.28, 'text': ' Okay.', 'tokens': [51564, 1033, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.29869506233616877, 'compression_ratio': 1.4487179487179487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12270494550466537}, {'id': 462, 'seek': 460728, 'start': 4607.28, 'end': 4625.28, 'text': ' So, good stuff. I was saying thank you. That was really that was bewildering that was really super fast and as I was writing down questions. And by the time I got halfway through and looked up at the presentation. I was now wondering about the relevance of my question again but really, really good stuff so', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 665, 1507, 13, 286, 390, 1566, 1309, 291, 13, 663, 390, 534, 300, 390, 17897, 793, 1794, 300, 390, 534, 1687, 2370, 293, 382, 286, 390, 3579, 760, 1651, 13, 400, 538, 264, 565, 286, 658, 15461, 807, 293, 2956, 493, 412, 264, 5860, 13, 286, 390, 586, 6359, 466, 264, 32684, 295, 452, 1168, 797, 457, 534, 11, 534, 665, 1507, 370, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21462931149247763, 'compression_ratio': 1.6594594594594594, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23170702159404755}, {'id': 463, 'seek': 462528, 'start': 4625.28, 'end': 4640.28, 'text': " we were talking about in the last talk we're talking about axes determining what to measure how that seems like a huge part of what you do when you're mapping. So, really thinking about the context and really framing it right.", 'tokens': [50364, 321, 645, 1417, 466, 294, 264, 1036, 751, 321, 434, 1417, 466, 35387, 23751, 437, 281, 3481, 577, 300, 2544, 411, 257, 2603, 644, 295, 437, 291, 360, 562, 291, 434, 18350, 13, 407, 11, 534, 1953, 466, 264, 4319, 293, 534, 28971, 309, 558, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18124036788940429, 'compression_ratio': 1.5374149659863945, 'no_speech_prob': 0.34302741289138794}, {'id': 464, 'seek': 464028, 'start': 4640.28, 'end': 4652.28, 'text': ' Interesting part to me was when you started sort of creating your own bottlenecks is as to, I think we were looking at, you know, which things are easier to patch.', 'tokens': [50364, 14711, 644, 281, 385, 390, 562, 291, 1409, 1333, 295, 4084, 428, 1065, 44641, 2761, 307, 382, 281, 11, 286, 519, 321, 645, 1237, 412, 11, 291, 458, 11, 597, 721, 366, 3571, 281, 9972, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14580586751302083, 'compression_ratio': 1.7692307692307692, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6297762989997864}, {'id': 465, 'seek': 464028, 'start': 4652.28, 'end': 4668.28, 'text': ' And so I was wondering, when you start going to that second level that Sarah was going to where you start doing some maps of specific components, you start finding basically commonalities new patterns as to the reason why something was slow to patch.', 'tokens': [50964, 400, 370, 286, 390, 6359, 11, 562, 291, 722, 516, 281, 300, 1150, 1496, 300, 9519, 390, 516, 281, 689, 291, 722, 884, 512, 11317, 295, 2685, 6677, 11, 291, 722, 5006, 1936, 2689, 16110, 777, 8294, 382, 281, 264, 1778, 983, 746, 390, 2964, 281, 9972, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14580586751302083, 'compression_ratio': 1.7692307692307692, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6297762989997864}, {'id': 466, 'seek': 466828, 'start': 4668.28, 'end': 4674.28, 'text': " Yeah, so the thing about maps and this is this is an area that I don't think we've done enough work.", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 370, 264, 551, 466, 11317, 293, 341, 307, 341, 307, 364, 1859, 300, 286, 500, 380, 519, 321, 600, 1096, 1547, 589, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13494039618450662, 'compression_ratio': 1.744186046511628, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015157287940382957}, {'id': 467, 'seek': 466828, 'start': 4674.28, 'end': 4690.28, 'text': ' You know, as a community is that we need a scale of a way that you can do maps within maps within maps right the bottom line is that every dot in the map should be a map in itself, right because there should be a reason why that dot is there and that fundamentally is a map.', 'tokens': [50664, 509, 458, 11, 382, 257, 1768, 307, 300, 321, 643, 257, 4373, 295, 257, 636, 300, 291, 393, 360, 11317, 1951, 11317, 1951, 11317, 558, 264, 2767, 1622, 307, 300, 633, 5893, 294, 264, 4471, 820, 312, 257, 4471, 294, 2564, 11, 558, 570, 456, 820, 312, 257, 1778, 983, 300, 5893, 307, 456, 293, 300, 17879, 307, 257, 4471, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13494039618450662, 'compression_ratio': 1.744186046511628, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015157287940382957}, {'id': 468, 'seek': 469028, 'start': 4690.28, 'end': 4703.28, 'text': " Right. So, so I think when you look at that, you know, the reality, you know, the answer is yes right you have patterns because fundamentally you, you also, you know, there's a reason why I say this takes a week and that takes a day.", 'tokens': [50364, 1779, 13, 407, 11, 370, 286, 519, 562, 291, 574, 412, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 4103, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 1867, 307, 2086, 558, 291, 362, 8294, 570, 17879, 291, 11, 291, 611, 11, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 257, 1778, 983, 286, 584, 341, 2516, 257, 1243, 293, 300, 2516, 257, 786, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15181752501941118, 'compression_ratio': 1.969811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.34448954463005066}, {'id': 469, 'seek': 469028, 'start': 4703.28, 'end': 4718.28, 'text': " Right. And, and actually the reason why they take a week versus a day because there's going to be attrition there's going to be something in there that prevents you from going super fast because clearly when you have compliance as code when you have full CICD pipelines when you have full", 'tokens': [51014, 1779, 13, 400, 11, 293, 767, 264, 1778, 983, 436, 747, 257, 1243, 5717, 257, 786, 570, 456, 311, 516, 281, 312, 951, 32938, 456, 311, 516, 281, 312, 746, 294, 456, 300, 22367, 291, 490, 516, 1687, 2370, 570, 4448, 562, 291, 362, 15882, 382, 3089, 562, 291, 362, 1577, 383, 2532, 35, 40168, 562, 291, 362, 1577, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15181752501941118, 'compression_ratio': 1.969811320754717, 'no_speech_prob': 0.34448954463005066}, {'id': 470, 'seek': 471828, 'start': 4719.28, 'end': 4732.28, 'text': " automation, you can patch very quickly. Right. The problem is, in most software development environments, you know, especially with multiple parts, you find that there's a lot of attrition and and this sometimes what I realized was this the", 'tokens': [50414, 17769, 11, 291, 393, 9972, 588, 2661, 13, 1779, 13, 440, 1154, 307, 11, 294, 881, 4722, 3250, 12388, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2318, 365, 3866, 3166, 11, 291, 915, 300, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 951, 32938, 293, 293, 341, 2171, 437, 286, 5334, 390, 341, 264, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18903857011061448, 'compression_ratio': 1.411764705882353, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05819009244441986}, {'id': 471, 'seek': 473228, 'start': 4732.28, 'end': 4747.28, 'text': " there's a interesting angles where you can have something that looks like a commodity or a product from the user point of view that below is a massive shit show right that below is like, you know, there's all sorts of stuff you know lots of", 'tokens': [50364, 456, 311, 257, 1880, 14708, 689, 291, 393, 362, 746, 300, 1542, 411, 257, 29125, 420, 257, 1674, 490, 264, 4195, 935, 295, 1910, 300, 2507, 307, 257, 5994, 4611, 855, 558, 300, 2507, 307, 411, 11, 291, 458, 11, 456, 311, 439, 7527, 295, 1507, 291, 458, 3195, 295, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17434960824471932, 'compression_ratio': 1.5584415584415585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15178713202476501}, {'id': 472, 'seek': 474728, 'start': 4747.28, 'end': 4762.28, 'text': ' lots of things that were barely done lots of pioneer stuff that to think about never actually evolved, you know, and still the original code is still the original practices is still the original, you know, behaviors that because you apply almost like a veneer on', 'tokens': [50364, 3195, 295, 721, 300, 645, 10268, 1096, 3195, 295, 37668, 1507, 300, 281, 519, 466, 1128, 767, 14178, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 920, 264, 3380, 3089, 307, 920, 264, 3380, 7525, 307, 920, 264, 3380, 11, 291, 458, 11, 15501, 300, 570, 291, 3079, 1920, 411, 257, 371, 1450, 260, 322, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14799787317003524, 'compression_ratio': 1.7466666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12569795548915863}, {'id': 473, 'seek': 476228, 'start': 4762.28, 'end': 4777.28, 'text': " front of it that looks very professional looks very good looks very nice. Right. It's, you know, you get away with it right and I and that what I like about maps is again maps, just like security right the nice thing of when you do a threat model is that you can go deep", 'tokens': [50364, 1868, 295, 309, 300, 1542, 588, 4843, 1542, 588, 665, 1542, 588, 1481, 13, 1779, 13, 467, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 291, 483, 1314, 365, 309, 558, 293, 286, 293, 300, 437, 286, 411, 466, 11317, 307, 797, 11317, 11, 445, 411, 3825, 558, 264, 1481, 551, 295, 562, 291, 360, 257, 4734, 2316, 307, 300, 291, 393, 352, 2452, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14137108345341876, 'compression_ratio': 1.8928571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.39545944333076477}, {'id': 474, 'seek': 476228, 'start': 4777.28, 'end': 4791.28, 'text': ' right so for me the big epiphany was that basically if you apply worldly maps to a threat model. Now you have context. Now you can make decisions now you can, you know, those dots and those lines in your threat models, which is basically how the system works.', 'tokens': [51114, 558, 370, 337, 385, 264, 955, 2388, 24595, 1325, 390, 300, 1936, 498, 291, 3079, 40397, 11317, 281, 257, 4734, 2316, 13, 823, 291, 362, 4319, 13, 823, 291, 393, 652, 5327, 586, 291, 393, 11, 291, 458, 11, 729, 15026, 293, 729, 3876, 294, 428, 4734, 5245, 11, 597, 307, 1936, 577, 264, 1185, 1985, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14137108345341876, 'compression_ratio': 1.8928571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.39545944333076477}, {'id': 475, 'seek': 479228, 'start': 4792.28, 'end': 4810.28, 'text': " Make a lot more sense. And then you can, you can drive a almost like a question or a story. Right and that's kind of my view on this you have to start with a story that you want to tell. And then the maps you know where you help you to visualize and to understand that story that you want to say.", 'tokens': [50364, 4387, 257, 688, 544, 2020, 13, 400, 550, 291, 393, 11, 291, 393, 3332, 257, 1920, 411, 257, 1168, 420, 257, 1657, 13, 1779, 293, 300, 311, 733, 295, 452, 1910, 322, 341, 291, 362, 281, 722, 365, 257, 1657, 300, 291, 528, 281, 980, 13, 400, 550, 264, 11317, 291, 458, 689, 291, 854, 291, 281, 23273, 293, 281, 1223, 300, 1657, 300, 291, 528, 281, 584, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18895110377558955, 'compression_ratio': 1.9087136929460582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10469380766153336}, {'id': 476, 'seek': 479228, 'start': 4810.28, 'end': 4819.28, 'text': " Yeah, it starts with the domain knowledge that can then give you the situation awareness as in you can't have the situation awareness if you don't know the domain.", 'tokens': [51264, 865, 11, 309, 3719, 365, 264, 9274, 3601, 300, 393, 550, 976, 291, 264, 2590, 8888, 382, 294, 291, 393, 380, 362, 264, 2590, 8888, 498, 291, 500, 380, 458, 264, 9274, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18895110377558955, 'compression_ratio': 1.9087136929460582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10469380766153336}, {'id': 477, 'seek': 481928, 'start': 4819.28, 'end': 4827.28, 'text': " Interesting. So I work in enterprise software sales and they're all about the concept of lipstick on a pig.", 'tokens': [50364, 14711, 13, 407, 286, 589, 294, 14132, 4722, 5763, 293, 436, 434, 439, 466, 264, 3410, 295, 22543, 322, 257, 8120, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16631247447087213, 'compression_ratio': 1.5991189427312775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08518702536821365}, {'id': 478, 'seek': 481928, 'start': 4827.28, 'end': 4843.28, 'text': " What I, yeah, what I would say is that that explains also that phenomenon where you see something that is sort of a high level component, suddenly move from a commodity to the left side and you realize it's usually some some component that is dramatically", 'tokens': [50764, 708, 286, 11, 1338, 11, 437, 286, 576, 584, 307, 300, 300, 13948, 611, 300, 14029, 689, 291, 536, 746, 300, 307, 1333, 295, 257, 1090, 1496, 6542, 11, 5800, 1286, 490, 257, 29125, 281, 264, 1411, 1252, 293, 291, 4325, 309, 311, 2673, 512, 512, 6542, 300, 307, 17548, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16631247447087213, 'compression_ratio': 1.5991189427312775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08518702536821365}, {'id': 479, 'seek': 484328, 'start': 4843.28, 'end': 4853.28, 'text': ' changed the way things that operate. So something that effectively looks like a commodity becomes an innovation, not because of what it is in itself but because of a sub component that has changed on me.', 'tokens': [50364, 3105, 264, 636, 721, 300, 9651, 13, 407, 746, 300, 8659, 1542, 411, 257, 29125, 3643, 364, 8504, 11, 406, 570, 295, 437, 309, 307, 294, 2564, 457, 570, 295, 257, 1422, 6542, 300, 575, 3105, 322, 385, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19316878274222402, 'compression_ratio': 1.8333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13922461867332458}, {'id': 480, 'seek': 484328, 'start': 4853.28, 'end': 4870.28, 'text': ' So one of the things that you know, and this again I have some debates with some of the guys from the world in my community is my view on the evolution is that you know and this is this is a very cool concept right if you take a particular element that you could say is a product today right', 'tokens': [50864, 407, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 291, 458, 11, 293, 341, 797, 286, 362, 512, 24203, 365, 512, 295, 264, 1074, 490, 264, 1002, 294, 452, 1768, 307, 452, 1910, 322, 264, 9303, 307, 300, 291, 458, 293, 341, 307, 341, 307, 257, 588, 1627, 3410, 558, 498, 291, 747, 257, 1729, 4478, 300, 291, 727, 584, 307, 257, 1674, 965, 558, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19316878274222402, 'compression_ratio': 1.8333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13922461867332458}, {'id': 481, 'seek': 487028, 'start': 4870.28, 'end': 4888.28, 'text': " when you start using that product is in your world is a Genesis because you don't know how to use it right you you could say that easy to is a commodity that's great but if you never use the C2 for from your point of view or for your team point of view is is a Genesis", 'tokens': [50364, 562, 291, 722, 1228, 300, 1674, 307, 294, 428, 1002, 307, 257, 20587, 570, 291, 500, 380, 458, 577, 281, 764, 309, 558, 291, 291, 727, 584, 300, 1858, 281, 307, 257, 29125, 300, 311, 869, 457, 498, 291, 1128, 764, 264, 383, 17, 337, 490, 428, 935, 295, 1910, 420, 337, 428, 1469, 935, 295, 1910, 307, 307, 257, 20587, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18680164630596455, 'compression_ratio': 1.6341463414634145, 'no_speech_prob': 0.050980452448129654}, {'id': 482, 'seek': 488828, 'start': 4888.28, 'end': 4905.28, 'text': " the only difference is that the more to the right that component is the less attrition you will have. So the bottom line is that, you know, if you don't have something like you see to, and it's still a product or you know require somebody to build those things, then although", 'tokens': [50364, 264, 787, 2649, 307, 300, 264, 544, 281, 264, 558, 300, 6542, 307, 264, 1570, 951, 32938, 291, 486, 362, 13, 407, 264, 2767, 1622, 307, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 498, 291, 500, 380, 362, 746, 411, 291, 536, 281, 11, 293, 309, 311, 920, 257, 1674, 420, 291, 458, 3651, 2618, 281, 1322, 729, 721, 11, 550, 4878, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14848357439041138, 'compression_ratio': 1.5895953757225434, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5680939555168152}, {'id': 483, 'seek': 490528, 'start': 4905.28, 'end': 4922.28, 'text': " you still start on Genesis you will hit that that barrier much sooner than if you see to. But the reality is that, you know, every time you start something is always Genesis and then there's the evolution the question is, how fast can you go and how fast to", 'tokens': [50364, 291, 920, 722, 322, 20587, 291, 486, 2045, 300, 300, 13357, 709, 15324, 813, 498, 291, 536, 281, 13, 583, 264, 4103, 307, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 633, 565, 291, 722, 746, 307, 1009, 20587, 293, 550, 456, 311, 264, 9303, 264, 1168, 307, 11, 577, 2370, 393, 291, 352, 293, 577, 2370, 281, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15744883327160852, 'compression_ratio': 1.5962732919254659, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3617802560329437}, {'id': 484, 'seek': 492228, 'start': 4922.28, 'end': 4939.28, 'text': " make your games, you know, operate, you know, and driving change and visualizing like this becomes really hard. Yeah, I just saw the comment from Ken 3D map yeah I think there's a lot of actually potential of creating 3D visualizations and multiple dimensions right of", 'tokens': [50364, 652, 428, 2813, 11, 291, 458, 11, 9651, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 4840, 1319, 293, 5056, 3319, 411, 341, 3643, 534, 1152, 13, 865, 11, 286, 445, 1866, 264, 2871, 490, 8273, 805, 35, 4471, 1338, 286, 519, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 767, 3995, 295, 4084, 805, 35, 5056, 14455, 293, 3866, 12819, 558, 295, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24954050095354924, 'compression_ratio': 1.488888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7310972809791565}, {'id': 485, 'seek': 493928, 'start': 4939.28, 'end': 4952.28, 'text': " maps, right because, you know, when you when you look at, you know, especially maps within maps. I think there's a lot of power of really understanding you know those interconnections between the systems.", 'tokens': [50364, 11317, 11, 558, 570, 11, 291, 458, 11, 562, 291, 562, 291, 574, 412, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2318, 11317, 1951, 11317, 13, 286, 519, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 1347, 295, 534, 3701, 291, 458, 729, 26253, 626, 1296, 264, 3652, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21929492950439453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7231404958677685, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3720046579837799}, {'id': 486, 'seek': 493928, 'start': 4952.28, 'end': 4965.28, 'text': " Yeah, there's a technical question from Josh share blackbound to think of, you know, it's a correct pronunciation for the patching or data classification examples, was there also a vertical position significance.", 'tokens': [51014, 865, 11, 456, 311, 257, 6191, 1168, 490, 9785, 2073, 2211, 18767, 281, 519, 295, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 257, 3006, 23338, 337, 264, 9972, 278, 420, 1412, 21538, 5110, 11, 390, 456, 611, 257, 9429, 2535, 17687, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21929492950439453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7231404958677685, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3720046579837799}, {'id': 487, 'seek': 496528, 'start': 4965.28, 'end': 4971.28, 'text': " And by the way, I'm just going to keep the relevance of just the last few questions in chat.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 538, 264, 636, 11, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 1066, 264, 32684, 295, 445, 264, 1036, 1326, 1651, 294, 5081, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22760362908391668, 'compression_ratio': 1.668141592920354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.26194074749946594}, {'id': 488, 'seek': 496528, 'start': 4971.28, 'end': 4990.28, 'text': " No, in this case, the vertical is just a sequence of events is just the, it's just, you know, these leads to this is almost like the data flow of, if, in fact, of this in fact, a really cool map I created once was a map that actually had two anchors, one at the top one at the bottom,", 'tokens': [50664, 883, 11, 294, 341, 1389, 11, 264, 9429, 307, 445, 257, 8310, 295, 3931, 307, 445, 264, 11, 309, 311, 445, 11, 291, 458, 11, 613, 6689, 281, 341, 307, 1920, 411, 264, 1412, 3095, 295, 11, 498, 11, 294, 1186, 11, 295, 341, 294, 1186, 11, 257, 534, 1627, 4471, 286, 2942, 1564, 390, 257, 4471, 300, 767, 632, 732, 12723, 830, 11, 472, 412, 264, 1192, 472, 412, 264, 2767, 11, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22760362908391668, 'compression_ratio': 1.668141592920354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.26194074749946594}, {'id': 489, 'seek': 499028, 'start': 4990.28, 'end': 5005.28, 'text': ' and I found that going from the top back to the top creates problems in certain workflows. So I ended up creating a map that starts, in fact, you know, as you can see on that one right that the map starts with the file on SharePoint and ends in the user, right.', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 286, 1352, 300, 516, 490, 264, 1192, 646, 281, 264, 1192, 7829, 2740, 294, 1629, 43461, 13, 407, 286, 4590, 493, 4084, 257, 4471, 300, 3719, 11, 294, 1186, 11, 291, 458, 11, 382, 291, 393, 536, 322, 300, 472, 558, 300, 264, 4471, 3719, 365, 264, 3991, 322, 14945, 18705, 293, 5314, 294, 264, 4195, 11, 558, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13561692833900452, 'compression_ratio': 1.562874251497006, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1537236124277115}, {'id': 490, 'seek': 500528, 'start': 5005.28, 'end': 5020.28, 'text': ' So the interesting is that the maturity of those could actually not be, you know, might be different. But so I quite like the maps that have the tell you a story. You know, this needs this or this does this does this does that on or what the needs.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 1880, 307, 300, 264, 28874, 295, 729, 727, 767, 406, 312, 11, 291, 458, 11, 1062, 312, 819, 13, 583, 370, 286, 1596, 411, 264, 11317, 300, 362, 264, 980, 291, 257, 1657, 13, 509, 458, 11, 341, 2203, 341, 420, 341, 775, 341, 775, 341, 775, 300, 322, 420, 437, 264, 2203, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16086564593844943, 'compression_ratio': 1.7285067873303168, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3960389196872711}, {'id': 491, 'seek': 500528, 'start': 5020.28, 'end': 5031.28, 'text': " And then, then you move it to the evolution so it's basically the axis of almost data or packets or sequence of events and evolution.", 'tokens': [51114, 400, 550, 11, 550, 291, 1286, 309, 281, 264, 9303, 370, 309, 311, 1936, 264, 10298, 295, 1920, 1412, 420, 30364, 420, 8310, 295, 3931, 293, 9303, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16086564593844943, 'compression_ratio': 1.7285067873303168, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3960389196872711}, {'id': 492, 'seek': 503128, 'start': 5031.28, 'end': 5042.28, 'text': " And if you that there was, there was an impact of top to bottom it wasn't 100% consistent because there's any summary room on the screen that you can put stuff in.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 498, 291, 300, 456, 390, 11, 456, 390, 364, 2712, 295, 1192, 281, 2767, 309, 2067, 380, 2319, 4, 8398, 570, 456, 311, 604, 12691, 1808, 322, 264, 2568, 300, 291, 393, 829, 1507, 294, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.160493989424272, 'compression_ratio': 1.7164179104477613, 'no_speech_prob': 0.46583953499794006}, {'id': 493, 'seek': 503128, 'start': 5042.28, 'end': 5060.28, 'text': " But it was how visible it is to the CEO, in my example is the user, the stuff that wasn't as visible as it should be where I indicated it should be moving up the stack to be far more prominent and the stuff that naturally, they don't need to know how they just want to know what the outcomes are.", 'tokens': [50914, 583, 309, 390, 577, 8974, 309, 307, 281, 264, 9282, 11, 294, 452, 1365, 307, 264, 4195, 11, 264, 1507, 300, 2067, 380, 382, 8974, 382, 309, 820, 312, 689, 286, 16176, 309, 820, 312, 2684, 493, 264, 8630, 281, 312, 1400, 544, 17034, 293, 264, 1507, 300, 8195, 11, 436, 500, 380, 643, 281, 458, 577, 436, 445, 528, 281, 458, 437, 264, 10070, 366, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.160493989424272, 'compression_ratio': 1.7164179104477613, 'no_speech_prob': 0.46583953499794006}, {'id': 494, 'seek': 506028, 'start': 5060.28, 'end': 5073.28, 'text': ' I think you get that kind of by default right once you have this uses this uses this uses this, then, then you actually have, you know, that evolution right.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 519, 291, 483, 300, 733, 295, 538, 7576, 558, 1564, 291, 362, 341, 4960, 341, 4960, 341, 4960, 341, 11, 550, 11, 550, 291, 767, 362, 11, 291, 458, 11, 300, 9303, 558, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1915274932321194, 'compression_ratio': 1.7401574803149606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03399643301963806}, {'id': 495, 'seek': 506028, 'start': 5073.28, 'end': 5080.28, 'text': " In fact, what I would love to do, which we're going to try to do in a project in fact in this project and by the way the project we I just showed is it's all open source.", 'tokens': [51014, 682, 1186, 11, 437, 286, 576, 959, 281, 360, 11, 597, 321, 434, 516, 281, 853, 281, 360, 294, 257, 1716, 294, 1186, 294, 341, 1716, 293, 538, 264, 636, 264, 1716, 321, 286, 445, 4712, 307, 309, 311, 439, 1269, 4009, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1915274932321194, 'compression_ratio': 1.7401574803149606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03399643301963806}, {'id': 496, 'seek': 506028, 'start': 5080.28, 'end': 5088.28, 'text': ' Right. And, and I think it was just a question about, you know, some examples in plan to ML and creative Commons.', 'tokens': [51364, 1779, 13, 400, 11, 293, 286, 519, 309, 390, 445, 257, 1168, 466, 11, 291, 458, 11, 512, 5110, 294, 1393, 281, 21601, 293, 5880, 34894, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1915274932321194, 'compression_ratio': 1.7401574803149606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03399643301963806}, {'id': 497, 'seek': 508828, 'start': 5088.28, 'end': 5097.28, 'text': " So we're going to publish that so that's going to be on the one in the glass wall repos, or pink pink me pink Petra for the links on that one.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 434, 516, 281, 11374, 300, 370, 300, 311, 516, 281, 312, 322, 264, 472, 294, 264, 4276, 2929, 1085, 329, 11, 420, 7022, 7022, 385, 7022, 10472, 424, 337, 264, 6123, 322, 300, 472, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21274621146065847, 'compression_ratio': 1.6634615384615385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10021409392356873}, {'id': 498, 'seek': 508828, 'start': 5097.28, 'end': 5109.28, 'text': " But I really like the idea that we're going to try to create these maps that actually starts almost based on a C for model if you've seen where it talks about context components containers and then code.", 'tokens': [50814, 583, 286, 534, 411, 264, 1558, 300, 321, 434, 516, 281, 853, 281, 1884, 613, 11317, 300, 767, 3719, 1920, 2361, 322, 257, 383, 337, 2316, 498, 291, 600, 1612, 689, 309, 6686, 466, 4319, 6677, 17089, 293, 550, 3089, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21274621146065847, 'compression_ratio': 1.6634615384615385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10021409392356873}, {'id': 499, 'seek': 510928, 'start': 5109.28, 'end': 5124.28, 'text': " So there's a there's a really cool concept that I want to explore which is, you actually programmatically create the map so you can go all the way from the high level components and then you start to zoom in, you go all the way to the actual source code, because the source code, at least the main", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 456, 311, 257, 456, 311, 257, 534, 1627, 3410, 300, 286, 528, 281, 6839, 597, 307, 11, 291, 767, 37648, 5030, 1884, 264, 4471, 370, 291, 393, 352, 439, 264, 636, 490, 264, 1090, 1496, 6677, 293, 550, 291, 722, 281, 8863, 294, 11, 291, 352, 439, 264, 636, 281, 264, 3539, 4009, 3089, 11, 570, 264, 4009, 3089, 11, 412, 1935, 264, 2135, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16853914399077927, 'compression_ratio': 1.706896551724138, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2777431905269623}, {'id': 500, 'seek': 512428, 'start': 5124.28, 'end': 5138.28, 'text': ' source code, you should also be able to map it out right you should be able there has to be a deep in fact Petra for example needs that right so Petra needs a map that tells her for example, of those components, which ones need to review.', 'tokens': [50364, 4009, 3089, 11, 291, 820, 611, 312, 1075, 281, 4471, 309, 484, 558, 291, 820, 312, 1075, 456, 575, 281, 312, 257, 2452, 294, 1186, 10472, 424, 337, 1365, 2203, 300, 558, 370, 10472, 424, 2203, 257, 4471, 300, 5112, 720, 337, 1365, 11, 295, 729, 6677, 11, 597, 2306, 643, 281, 3131, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2122348710602405, 'compression_ratio': 1.800865800865801, 'no_speech_prob': 0.30021175742149353}, {'id': 501, 'seek': 512428, 'start': 5138.28, 'end': 5149.28, 'text': " Right, in fact, once you go down a photo level down, you know Petra steam doesn't scale to review every single poor request. Right. You know, no security team can do that right.", 'tokens': [51064, 1779, 11, 294, 1186, 11, 1564, 291, 352, 760, 257, 5052, 1496, 760, 11, 291, 458, 10472, 424, 11952, 1177, 380, 4373, 281, 3131, 633, 2167, 4716, 5308, 13, 1779, 13, 509, 458, 11, 572, 3825, 1469, 393, 360, 300, 558, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2122348710602405, 'compression_ratio': 1.800865800865801, 'no_speech_prob': 0.30021175742149353}, {'id': 502, 'seek': 514928, 'start': 5149.28, 'end': 5161.28, 'text': ' So you could say, he are the parts of the code. He are the parts of the application that I want to make sure that ironically we introduce an attrition into it. We want to say, this is the ones that I care about.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 727, 584, 11, 415, 366, 264, 3166, 295, 264, 3089, 13, 634, 366, 264, 3166, 295, 264, 3861, 300, 286, 528, 281, 652, 988, 300, 41082, 321, 5366, 364, 951, 32938, 666, 309, 13, 492, 528, 281, 584, 11, 341, 307, 264, 2306, 300, 286, 1127, 466, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16347822678827606, 'compression_ratio': 1.8503649635036497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10647320747375488}, {'id': 503, 'seek': 514928, 'start': 5161.28, 'end': 5175.28, 'text': " The other ones for example can go to production as fast as we can. Right. It's not because you can automate that you should automate everything right because from a security point of view, you know if you automate everything, it means that you can push a vulnerability to production within hours", 'tokens': [50964, 440, 661, 2306, 337, 1365, 393, 352, 281, 4265, 382, 2370, 382, 321, 393, 13, 1779, 13, 467, 311, 406, 570, 291, 393, 31605, 300, 291, 820, 31605, 1203, 558, 570, 490, 257, 3825, 935, 295, 1910, 11, 291, 458, 498, 291, 31605, 1203, 11, 309, 1355, 300, 291, 393, 2944, 257, 24210, 281, 4265, 1951, 2496, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16347822678827606, 'compression_ratio': 1.8503649635036497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10647320747375488}, {'id': 504, 'seek': 517528, 'start': 5175.28, 'end': 5190.28, 'text': ' you know, not a good thing. So, so I think these maps, especially as you get more granularity will give us a lot of situation awareness, especially and from a security point of view, allow us to make sure that we maximize the investments of what we do in security', 'tokens': [50364, 291, 458, 11, 406, 257, 665, 551, 13, 407, 11, 370, 286, 519, 613, 11317, 11, 2318, 382, 291, 483, 544, 39962, 507, 486, 976, 505, 257, 688, 295, 2590, 8888, 11, 2318, 293, 490, 257, 3825, 935, 295, 1910, 11, 2089, 505, 281, 652, 988, 300, 321, 19874, 264, 13784, 295, 437, 321, 360, 294, 3825, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15469429141185323, 'compression_ratio': 1.5290697674418605, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06717818975448608}, {'id': 505, 'seek': 519028, 'start': 5190.28, 'end': 5208.28, 'text': ' and how we really understand right, you know and the data classification Sarah was a good example right that that map is not complete but it was interesting that in our design, we actually limited which boxes actually have confidential data by design right and that was a limitation that we introduced into the system, so that we can then put the', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 577, 321, 534, 1223, 558, 11, 291, 458, 293, 264, 1412, 21538, 9519, 390, 257, 665, 1365, 558, 300, 300, 4471, 307, 406, 3566, 457, 309, 390, 1880, 300, 294, 527, 1715, 11, 321, 767, 5567, 597, 9002, 767, 362, 27054, 1412, 538, 1715, 558, 293, 300, 390, 257, 27432, 300, 321, 7268, 666, 264, 1185, 11, 370, 300, 321, 393, 550, 829, 264, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27530045440231543, 'compression_ratio': 1.7128712871287128, 'no_speech_prob': 0.45193108916282654}, {'id': 506, 'seek': 520828, 'start': 5208.28, 'end': 5224.28, 'text': " requirement to say, we don't care about that that that and that right of course you know pentest has to validate it, we make sure the code reviews validated, but it's a good example of almost saying, you know I know I want these guys, for example, not to be toxic right I", 'tokens': [50364, 11695, 281, 584, 11, 321, 500, 380, 1127, 466, 300, 300, 300, 293, 300, 558, 295, 1164, 291, 458, 16834, 377, 575, 281, 29562, 309, 11, 321, 652, 988, 264, 3089, 10229, 40693, 11, 457, 309, 311, 257, 665, 1365, 295, 1920, 1566, 11, 291, 458, 286, 458, 286, 528, 613, 1074, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 406, 281, 312, 12786, 558, 286, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22491049044059985, 'compression_ratio': 1.5941176470588236, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6053326725959778}, {'id': 507, 'seek': 522428, 'start': 5224.28, 'end': 5242.28, 'text': " want, you know, non confidential data there and you can also be around you can say, actually I want more of my data to be public versus confidential right depends. That's a good example of is not really evolution is more, you know, a spectrum between and I even done from critical to low right vulnerabilities", 'tokens': [50364, 528, 11, 291, 458, 11, 2107, 27054, 1412, 456, 293, 291, 393, 611, 312, 926, 291, 393, 584, 11, 767, 286, 528, 544, 295, 452, 1412, 281, 312, 1908, 5717, 27054, 558, 5946, 13, 663, 311, 257, 665, 1365, 295, 307, 406, 534, 9303, 307, 544, 11, 291, 458, 11, 257, 11143, 1296, 293, 286, 754, 1096, 490, 4924, 281, 2295, 558, 37633, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24114432158293547, 'compression_ratio': 1.6872037914691944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38949599862098694}, {'id': 508, 'seek': 522428, 'start': 5242.28, 'end': 5247.28, 'text': ' you know, I view that as a spectrum of things.', 'tokens': [51264, 291, 458, 11, 286, 1910, 300, 382, 257, 11143, 295, 721, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24114432158293547, 'compression_ratio': 1.6872037914691944, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38949599862098694}, {'id': 509, 'seek': 524728, 'start': 5247.28, 'end': 5257.28, 'text': " Brilliant and I'll have to close the room that I'm dealing at the moment with a customer who is asking that broad question, we like this open data idea.", 'tokens': [50364, 34007, 293, 286, 603, 362, 281, 1998, 264, 1808, 300, 286, 478, 6260, 412, 264, 1623, 365, 257, 5474, 567, 307, 3365, 300, 4152, 1168, 11, 321, 411, 341, 1269, 1412, 1558, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15741782964662063, 'compression_ratio': 1.6724137931034482, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18059097230434418}, {'id': 510, 'seek': 524728, 'start': 5257.28, 'end': 5272.28, 'text': " What should we be sharing should we just go open first and no no no no. Let's let's map everything and let's use the mapping process to actually determine how valuable everything is and really how you should deal with it appropriately.", 'tokens': [50864, 708, 820, 321, 312, 5414, 820, 321, 445, 352, 1269, 700, 293, 572, 572, 572, 572, 13, 961, 311, 718, 311, 4471, 1203, 293, 718, 311, 764, 264, 18350, 1399, 281, 767, 6997, 577, 8263, 1203, 307, 293, 534, 577, 291, 820, 2028, 365, 309, 23505, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15741782964662063, 'compression_ratio': 1.6724137931034482, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18059097230434418}, {'id': 511, 'seek': 527228, 'start': 5272.28, 'end': 5275.28, 'text': ' Thanks so much.', 'tokens': [50364, 2561, 370, 709, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23800081820101351, 'compression_ratio': 1.626865671641791, 'no_speech_prob': 0.20986410975456238}, {'id': 512, 'seek': 527228, 'start': 5275.28, 'end': 5295.28, 'text': " The thing I would say is, if you can, the more you open the easier it gets right so that there is the problem with especially confidentiality. There's a mode by if you're not careful. Everything becomes a secret everything becomes confidential because nobody wants to to take the view or to make the call right.", 'tokens': [50514, 440, 551, 286, 576, 584, 307, 11, 498, 291, 393, 11, 264, 544, 291, 1269, 264, 3571, 309, 2170, 558, 370, 300, 456, 307, 264, 1154, 365, 2318, 27054, 507, 13, 821, 311, 257, 4391, 538, 498, 291, 434, 406, 5026, 13, 5471, 3643, 257, 4054, 1203, 3643, 27054, 570, 5079, 2738, 281, 281, 747, 264, 1910, 420, 281, 652, 264, 818, 558, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23800081820101351, 'compression_ratio': 1.626865671641791, 'no_speech_prob': 0.20986410975456238}, {'id': 513, 'seek': 529528, 'start': 5295.28, 'end': 5304.28, 'text': " So I would say the model that is quite good is that you try to reduce to the limit what's confidential and that actually means you know what to protect.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 576, 584, 264, 2316, 300, 307, 1596, 665, 307, 300, 291, 853, 281, 5407, 281, 264, 4948, 437, 311, 27054, 293, 300, 767, 1355, 291, 458, 437, 281, 2371, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11653634239645565, 'compression_ratio': 1.662037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4629134237766266}, {'id': 514, 'seek': 529528, 'start': 5304.28, 'end': 5317.28, 'text': " Right so that's why I like open as an open source, because I actually use it as a security strategy. My view is that the less secrets, you know, the exists, the less you have to worry about protecting them.", 'tokens': [50814, 1779, 370, 300, 311, 983, 286, 411, 1269, 382, 364, 1269, 4009, 11, 570, 286, 767, 764, 309, 382, 257, 3825, 5206, 13, 1222, 1910, 307, 300, 264, 1570, 14093, 11, 291, 458, 11, 264, 8198, 11, 264, 1570, 291, 362, 281, 3292, 466, 12316, 552, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11653634239645565, 'compression_ratio': 1.662037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4629134237766266}, {'id': 515, 'seek': 531728, 'start': 5317.28, 'end': 5331.28, 'text': " Because business have a different definition of what they consider secret or confidential or proprietary or there's a mowing risk people basically want to put in a grit into every single system.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 1606, 362, 257, 819, 7123, 295, 437, 436, 1949, 4054, 420, 27054, 420, 38992, 420, 456, 311, 257, 275, 9637, 3148, 561, 1936, 528, 281, 829, 294, 257, 30133, 666, 633, 2167, 1185, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30450340797161235, 'compression_ratio': 1.5844155844155845, 'no_speech_prob': 0.29333364963531494}, {'id': 516, 'seek': 531728, 'start': 5331.28, 'end': 5342.28, 'text': ' No, no, no, no, no risk. What allows you to go fast right so risk when used correctly, right, is, you know, is one of the biggest assets that you have in a company, right.', 'tokens': [51064, 883, 11, 572, 11, 572, 11, 572, 11, 572, 3148, 13, 708, 4045, 291, 281, 352, 2370, 558, 370, 3148, 562, 1143, 8944, 11, 558, 11, 307, 11, 291, 458, 11, 307, 472, 295, 264, 3880, 9769, 300, 291, 362, 294, 257, 2237, 11, 558, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30450340797161235, 'compression_ratio': 1.5844155844155845, 'no_speech_prob': 0.29333364963531494}, {'id': 517, 'seek': 534228, 'start': 5342.28, 'end': 5358.28, 'text': ' If you look at FinTech versus traditional banks, one of the reasons that the FinTech has innovated is because they take a different view of risk. Right. So if you look at most organizations I actually think that, you know, risk, you know when you use correctly will give you a huge amount of speed,', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 291, 574, 412, 3773, 36050, 5717, 5164, 10237, 11, 472, 295, 264, 4112, 300, 264, 3773, 36050, 575, 5083, 770, 307, 570, 436, 747, 257, 819, 1910, 295, 3148, 13, 1779, 13, 407, 498, 291, 574, 412, 881, 6150, 286, 767, 519, 300, 11, 291, 458, 11, 3148, 11, 291, 458, 562, 291, 764, 8944, 486, 976, 291, 257, 2603, 2372, 295, 3073, 11, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21175728673520294, 'compression_ratio': 1.5520833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04400304704904556}, {'id': 518, 'seek': 535828, 'start': 5358.28, 'end': 5369.28, 'text': ' you know, just like breaks in cars, just like security features in cars risk, risk mappings and risk classification awareness allows you to make good calls.', 'tokens': [50364, 291, 458, 11, 445, 411, 9857, 294, 5163, 11, 445, 411, 3825, 4122, 294, 5163, 3148, 11, 3148, 463, 28968, 293, 3148, 21538, 8888, 4045, 291, 281, 652, 665, 5498, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23504372928919418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3134799897670746}, {'id': 519, 'seek': 535828, 'start': 5369.28, 'end': 5379.28, 'text': " Right. And that's super critical right, you know, because the fundamentally each business needs to define their risk appetite, and there's a balance between what's ethical, what makes sense.", 'tokens': [50914, 1779, 13, 400, 300, 311, 1687, 4924, 558, 11, 291, 458, 11, 570, 264, 17879, 1184, 1606, 2203, 281, 6964, 641, 3148, 23996, 11, 293, 456, 311, 257, 4772, 1296, 437, 311, 18890, 11, 437, 1669, 2020, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23504372928919418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3134799897670746}, {'id': 520, 'seek': 535828, 'start': 5379.28, 'end': 5381.28, 'text': ' I would see in context.', 'tokens': [51414, 286, 576, 536, 294, 4319, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23504372928919418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3134799897670746}, {'id': 521, 'seek': 535828, 'start': 5381.28, 'end': 5382.28, 'text': ' Absolutely in context.', 'tokens': [51514, 7021, 294, 4319, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23504372928919418, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3134799897670746}, {'id': 522, 'seek': 538228, 'start': 5382.28, 'end': 5395.28, 'text': " Exactly. But, but that's a it's a risk, a business decision right and that's where again I like openness because fundamentally, all the players should understand the risk framework that you're using within that project.", 'tokens': [50364, 7587, 13, 583, 11, 457, 300, 311, 257, 309, 311, 257, 3148, 11, 257, 1606, 3537, 558, 293, 300, 311, 689, 797, 286, 411, 36200, 570, 17879, 11, 439, 264, 4150, 820, 1223, 264, 3148, 8388, 300, 291, 434, 1228, 1951, 300, 1716, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15387784517728365, 'compression_ratio': 1.6602316602316602, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05409718677401543}, {'id': 523, 'seek': 538228, 'start': 5395.28, 'end': 5406.28, 'text': " Most scandals or most problems occur when there's an asymmetry of information right when somebody thinks that you're doing something with a person level security not or you should care about this and you don't.", 'tokens': [51014, 4534, 40273, 1124, 420, 881, 2740, 5160, 562, 456, 311, 364, 37277, 9889, 295, 1589, 558, 562, 2618, 7309, 300, 291, 434, 884, 746, 365, 257, 954, 1496, 3825, 406, 420, 291, 820, 1127, 466, 341, 293, 291, 500, 380, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15387784517728365, 'compression_ratio': 1.6602316602316602, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05409718677401543}, {'id': 524, 'seek': 540628, 'start': 5406.28, 'end': 5421.28, 'text': " But I think there's, there's a lot of value of saying, here's my risk appetite. Here's why I accept. Here's why I don't accept. So that means that within the risk appetite the company can do, you know, what you know, much as that.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 286, 519, 456, 311, 11, 456, 311, 257, 688, 295, 2158, 295, 1566, 11, 510, 311, 452, 3148, 23996, 13, 1692, 311, 983, 286, 3241, 13, 1692, 311, 983, 286, 500, 380, 3241, 13, 407, 300, 1355, 300, 1951, 264, 3148, 23996, 264, 2237, 393, 360, 11, 291, 458, 11, 437, 291, 458, 11, 709, 382, 300, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1727165143514417, 'compression_ratio': 1.8634146341463416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1841181218624115}, {'id': 525, 'seek': 540628, 'start': 5421.28, 'end': 5433.28, 'text': " Beyond that, you don't want to allow the company or the other teams to do to operate above the risk appetite of the company, or the organization right.", 'tokens': [51114, 19707, 300, 11, 291, 500, 380, 528, 281, 2089, 264, 2237, 420, 264, 661, 5491, 281, 360, 281, 9651, 3673, 264, 3148, 23996, 295, 264, 2237, 11, 420, 264, 4475, 558, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1727165143514417, 'compression_ratio': 1.8634146341463416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1841181218624115}, {'id': 526, 'seek': 543328, 'start': 5433.28, 'end': 5439.28, 'text': ' So, to all the speakers. And I think this will be a theme throughout the day.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 281, 439, 264, 9518, 13, 400, 286, 519, 341, 486, 312, 257, 6314, 3710, 264, 786, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22816120705953458, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22840100526809692}, {'id': 527, 'seek': 543328, 'start': 5439.28, 'end': 5457.28, 'text': " Your slides and any other sort of supportive content that you might have out there. I don't know what the correct forum is but yeah if you could just let everybody know whether or not your slides are available I think in this you've got some specific asks for plan to email source.", 'tokens': [50664, 2260, 9788, 293, 604, 661, 1333, 295, 14435, 2701, 300, 291, 1062, 362, 484, 456, 13, 286, 500, 380, 458, 437, 264, 3006, 17542, 307, 457, 1338, 498, 291, 727, 445, 718, 2201, 458, 1968, 420, 406, 428, 9788, 366, 2435, 286, 519, 294, 341, 291, 600, 658, 512, 2685, 8962, 337, 1393, 281, 3796, 4009, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22816120705953458, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22840100526809692}, {'id': 528, 'seek': 545728, 'start': 5457.28, 'end': 5471.28, 'text': " So, I think I ask you just figure out where to put it because I think you know, I think most of our slides are we were going to share it right so the question is just where we put it. So maybe, you know, pink Simon and I don't know what the plan is, who do we send it to.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 286, 519, 286, 1029, 291, 445, 2573, 484, 689, 281, 829, 309, 570, 286, 519, 291, 458, 11, 286, 519, 881, 295, 527, 9788, 366, 321, 645, 516, 281, 2073, 309, 558, 370, 264, 1168, 307, 445, 689, 321, 829, 309, 13, 407, 1310, 11, 291, 458, 11, 7022, 13193, 293, 286, 500, 380, 458, 437, 264, 1393, 307, 11, 567, 360, 321, 2845, 309, 281, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28948302496047246, 'compression_ratio': 1.6504065040650406, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19420084357261658}, {'id': 529, 'seek': 545728, 'start': 5471.28, 'end': 5478.28, 'text': " No problem. We'll find that out and I'll make sure we communicate that to everybody where slides will be available. And I'm a student.", 'tokens': [51064, 883, 1154, 13, 492, 603, 915, 300, 484, 293, 286, 603, 652, 988, 321, 7890, 300, 281, 2201, 689, 9788, 486, 312, 2435, 13, 400, 286, 478, 257, 3107, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28948302496047246, 'compression_ratio': 1.6504065040650406, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19420084357261658}, {'id': 530, 'seek': 547828, 'start': 5478.28, 'end': 5480.28, 'text': " I'm going to put a slide share too.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 478, 516, 281, 829, 257, 4137, 2073, 886, 13, 50464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3203440109888713, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4856158196926117}, {'id': 531, 'seek': 547828, 'start': 5480.28, 'end': 5487.28, 'text': " Yeah, well, yeah, I'm going to put a slide share but I think it's for the attendees is going to be good to put it there.", 'tokens': [50464, 865, 11, 731, 11, 1338, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 829, 257, 4137, 2073, 457, 286, 519, 309, 311, 337, 264, 34826, 307, 516, 281, 312, 665, 281, 829, 309, 456, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3203440109888713, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4856158196926117}, {'id': 532, 'seek': 548728, 'start': 5487.28, 'end': 5502.28, 'text': " So everybody there is a chat room. I'm in the presenters version of this platform. Although I've seen the room that you will see there is a chat room. We're all being sort of encouraged to spend the time between talks within that.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 2201, 456, 307, 257, 5081, 1808, 13, 286, 478, 294, 264, 36987, 3037, 295, 341, 3663, 13, 5780, 286, 600, 1612, 264, 1808, 300, 291, 486, 536, 456, 307, 257, 5081, 1808, 13, 492, 434, 439, 885, 1333, 295, 14658, 281, 3496, 264, 565, 1296, 6686, 1951, 300, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1483462474964283, 'compression_ratio': 1.5231788079470199, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7354898452758789}, {'id': 533, 'seek': 550228, 'start': 5502.28, 'end': 5514.28, 'text': " So, we're going to open any longer so that we have complaints from Simon about people not attending the chat room. But I really thank you to our speakers thanks to everybody for attending.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 321, 434, 516, 281, 1269, 604, 2854, 370, 300, 321, 362, 19585, 490, 13193, 466, 561, 406, 15862, 264, 5081, 1808, 13, 583, 286, 534, 1309, 291, 281, 527, 9518, 3231, 281, 2201, 337, 15862, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30385875701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.3823529411764706, 'no_speech_prob': 0.7617901563644409}, {'id': 534, 'seek': 551428, 'start': 5514.28, 'end': 5526.28, 'text': " I've had three really, really great starts, as far as really interesting talks. I've all gone quite different directions in terms of looking at the overall theme of cybersecurity.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 600, 632, 1045, 534, 11, 534, 869, 3719, 11, 382, 1400, 382, 534, 1880, 6686, 13, 286, 600, 439, 2780, 1596, 819, 11095, 294, 2115, 295, 1237, 412, 264, 4787, 6314, 295, 38765, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16380099840061638, 'compression_ratio': 1.6793248945147679, 'no_speech_prob': 0.650709867477417}, {'id': 535, 'seek': 551428, 'start': 5526.28, 'end': 5541.28, 'text': " I'm hoping everybody learned as much as me and has many sort of as many additional questions. So please go along to the to the general chat room, and then we'll see you in the next round of talks. Thank you.", 'tokens': [50964, 286, 478, 7159, 2201, 3264, 382, 709, 382, 385, 293, 575, 867, 1333, 295, 382, 867, 4497, 1651, 13, 407, 1767, 352, 2051, 281, 264, 281, 264, 2674, 5081, 1808, 11, 293, 550, 321, 603, 536, 291, 294, 264, 958, 3098, 295, 6686, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16380099840061638, 'compression_ratio': 1.6793248945147679, 'no_speech_prob': 0.650709867477417}, {'id': 536, 'seek': 551428, 'start': 5541.28, 'end': 5543.28, 'text': ' Thank you.', 'tokens': [51714, 1044, 291, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16380099840061638, 'compression_ratio': 1.6793248945147679, 'no_speech_prob': 0.650709867477417}, {'id': 537, 'seek': 554328, 'start': 5543.28, 'end': 5545.28, 'text': ' Bye bye, everyone.', 'tokens': [50364, 4621, 6543, 11, 1518, 13, 50464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3727400004863739, 'compression_ratio': 0.6923076923076923, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4677724540233612}], 'language': 'en'}, {'text': " And what I'm going to share is a real use case. It's a story of a consulting job. And also, I'm a hate consultant, but this was one of the consulting engagements that I got when I was for the Unix forum. We are called to a rather small company, perhaps a thousand of employees. They were having issues with their strategy. As I have said, this is a real use case, but it has been anonymized. And I had to change the industry in which it was operated. I took a lot of effort to make sure that the relationships and the plausibility is still there. If you discover who it was, congratulations, please, don't say it loudly. So the entry point, when they have called us or contacted us, it was after they have completed the online call for world-wide mapping. And they said something like this. We are producing Kevlar clothes. As you know, perhaps not. I don't know how much you are into riding bicycles. Kevlar's are quite useful. And for building or producing clothes or protected clothes, which are resistant to abrasion. So when you are riding a bike and you have a crush, you will not destroy your skin. So they were in the business of producing those clothes. And I think the market was like the entire European Union. And they were thinking about going to other markets. But they were facing a challenge because it turns out that why Kevlar is really, really great. It's thick and heavy and nylon, while it's a little bit weaker. It provides better protection from abrasion. So in the market, when they've operated, it works slightly better. It's thinner, lighter, and it doesn't preserve heat as much as Kevlar. The result was that they have lost around 80% of the entire market, not geographic, but in terms of volumes over a decade. There was an opportunity for them because suppliers who provided liquid Kevlar to them wanted to go up in the value chain. And they wanted to acquire their factory together with the design services to diversify, let's say, their operations. And at the same time, they have discovered that there is circular economy on the horizon. And they will be responsible for gathering these Kevlar clothes and utilizing it, which, as you can imagine, isn't a simple task or it wasn't a simple task because it was easy to sell Kevlar clothes, but it wasn't easy to gather them back and utilize them in one place or in distributed locations. And the challenge was that they were in a two-year-long decision process at the owner level because the sale of the company was irreversible and they had no alternative investment. So if they would have made a mistake, there was no recovery and they would lose quite a lot of money. Now, they owned the company. They had their personal, let's say, wealth invested in it. So for them, it was a really important issue. And at the same time, because of this mounting pressure here and because of this opportunity, which could be like once in a lifetime or once in a decade opportunity, they thought they were pressured into making the decision right now and right here. This two-year-long decision impasse didn't really help them in arriving to any solution. So I was to any decision, so I was contracted for a single-day workshop, perhaps a few follow-up calls, to figure out what or whether world-lame mapping can help in their situation. And what I'm going to share with you is more or less how the process looked like and what were the results. It's highly unlikely that I will lose the entire hour, perhaps we'll have some time for the discussion. So first of all, we started with trying to understand how the landscape looks like and what is really happening in the industry. And what they have told me, and the map was pretty much that complicated, is was that they were producing protective clothes, they were using kevlar, and then there came those nasty nylon companies and grabbed the market from them. 80% over a decade, the remaining 20% was still extremely attractive. So it was worth staying for them in this market for this niche or for the leftovers, because you can use another wall for the leftover, and they still would make a decent money. They had a little bit of problem with selling this part of the company, because they thought they had nothing else to invest money in, and this was like a major showstopper in the discussion, because whenever they have arrived to any particular decision, there was always the question, and what if we are wrong, and this reset conversation at least a dozen of times. So the first step that we have made, we tried to evaluate the first and most important hope for the future, which was like, we will get the market back. Now, if you are a little bit into world-day mapping, you probably recognize the product-to-product transition that is happening in this particular space. So it was a somewhat dark moment in the workshop, but what they have realized is that if the process of transition from Kevlar has been already in the progress for 10 years, it's highly unlikely that they will be able to turn over and win this market back. Those things simply doesn't happen, and even if they happen, the chance of it happening is so small that it's not worth betting your entire wealth on it. It actually makes sense to invest some pocket money, which you can afford to lose, but doesn't mean betting everything on it. And what they've also said is that they could perhaps create a slightly improved, or actually significantly improved production process, which would reverse things happening in the market. They thought it was possible, but then what do we have tried to do? We have evaluated the money behind the research. As I have said, the 20% of this market was still very attractive, so those companies that here providing that type of clothes were trying to make nylon good enough to replace Kevlar in this particular space too. And when we have evaluated how much money is in the R&D right now going on, the Kevlar company could afford a really small sum, some where the nylon companies combined, they hit around 30 times more bigger budget for research. And this, when they have realized it, this was like the essential, this was the dead end of this initiative trying to get the position back. What are their hopes was removed from the table. And so at this point, they have also recognized that there is no future in this market, and they need to sell. And if they need to sell, they will have to reinvest the money they've got, because if they don't sell, or if they sell, and they invest in something, let's say they have no idea about, they will lose money anyway. This led me to drawing a picture or a graph like this. This is a correlation or relationship between the risk appetite and this uncertainty or certainty of the business. Most traditional businesses tend to operate on a very low risk appetite and in a very certain businesses. This is the current business and stuff that they know. Next to the stuff those businesses know, there is the adjacent unexplored, which is slightly more risky, but still possible. And there are the big unknowns a little bit forward. And there is the no goes on, meaning that no rational organization would go there, because there's too much risk, too much risk in it, and they simply don't have the appetite. If you think about the existing companies, or how they re-operate right now, we could probably say AWS sits on this line, Uber, Revolute, and Apple with iPhone, they were extremely risky moves, but the owners had appetite, and other companies such as NVIDIA operate probably in this particular space. So why I'm showing this picture? Because for any business, it's quite easy, perhaps not quite, but it is easy to jump into the adjacent unexplored. Because this is the space which you use slightly or even more than slightly understand, the risk is not that big, and with decent amount of safeguarding, you can move into that particular space. What is never going to happen is a jump from your current business into some totally unknown territory. No board can do that, because if they fail, their day career is severely limited. So if you have a company which has a public ownership and is publicly traded, they always seem to operate in the current business space, meaning they have very little appetite to go for anything which is outside of their comfort zone. Now, the stuff here irrational, it doesn't mean that this is wrong, it just means that if you want to jump in this space, you have to have big risk appetite, and you have to be willing to lose everything that you have had, that you have. And unfortunately, this is rather the case. So since they have recognized that they have to sell, we have to figure out what can they do with the money. Where is the opportunity for them to grow into? Where is the adjacent unexplored? And we have to expand the scope of the mapping exercise. Today, when I think about it, I think we have made a massive mistake starting from the company itself. We should have started with the entire landscape because not expanding the scope or focusing on a very limited piece, they have been talking about who do need to a local optimum. And I think I was very lucky on that particular workshop that there was no local optimal solution because if there was one, we would have probably ended with it. So we started thinking about what else can be done with Kevlar. And the most surprising answer was, you know, Chris, we want to sell this part of the company, but we are doing other stuff with Kevlar too. Wow, that was quite a revelation that wasn't meant to be a part of the workshop in the beginning, but they were willing to explore the part with me only because they had no idea how to proceed with this small triangle. So the rest of the workshop and the rest of the workshop I'm talking about right now, we were probably at the sixth hour of a eight-hour workshop. Majority of time was spent into debating whether the dead end is really at the end and whether they really have to sell the company. They have accepted the fact. So they have told me they have other factories or other parts and they are actively researching the electricity production. This is actually quite funny. I'm not sure if you have heard about it, but if you have Kevlar clothes, Kevlar clothes are capable of generating electricity out of the movement and this electricity could be used to power some personal devices. So it's it's a pretty promising direction. They also told me that they were building protective equipment. This is the sort of the military protective equipment that you can see sometimes in the movies and if you are as fortunate on the streets. They've also told me that they are they were building shoes or at least components for shoes because Kevlar shoes are apparently trendy and very useful and they've mentioned that they were building bike fairs and monocoque bodies. Now I've never heard the term monocoque body and it looked very interesting because they positioned it more or less in this particular place which is custom such product which means it has a little bit of potential. So monocoque body turns out is a single shell body that you use to build cars, planes, drones and it's a kind of the body which has no frame inside and all the tensions are handled by the skin by a thin layer of material Kevlar in this side which is capable of protecting what is inside and handling tensions and making sure that the entire mechanics whether it's a car, plane or anything doesn't break and fly. So we started pushing a little bit more because electricity production is indigenesis space. Those look like end user products so they had only organic growth available. Clothes were a closing market and protective equipment was fairly standard commodity market. So monocoque bodies look promising and they have told me that they have some capabilities in this particular space and they are actually building or providing materials to build three different things, say planes, drones and cars. Now this is all the knowledge they had. They just didn't find, they just didn't consider it to be important for their strategy. So at this moment we practically abandoned thinking about this part of the map and we have focused on those three areas and we started thinking which of those can grow in the future. And this was the bit which required their research. This was also the end of the workshop. We have came to the conclusion that if they want to reinvest the money they will get from selling this part of the company. They need to know whether this is any of those components is worth investing in and every day is how much they want to invest in because literally there is no any other possibility for them to use those money in a rational way. They will have to do small bets or play or behave like venture capitalists investing into small startups with a great risk which they weren't really prepared for so they hope there is other way. So a week later we had a call to summarize where we have arrived to and what they are going to do. And this is what they have told me a week later. It was like this. This market is still small but it's growing rapidly and it will be good for us to get in it. This market because of the electric cars resolution also seems to be growing and why because metal bodies for cars are heavy and heavy cars require a lot of energy. So car manufacturers will pay almost any price for a way to lower the weight of a car. So actually providing monocoque bodies to those providers could be an extremely lucrative business. And this market it can be so big that it's worth for us to enter this space. So we consider it to be a direction and the direction was that they are going to sell this part of the company and they are going to invest everything in the monocoque bodies production. Now I don't like running workshops in which the conclusion is of this caliber because I was the the map would tell those the map would tell those people that they need to sell the company and invest everything they have into this new business. This actually was a little bit difficult and I wasn't comfortable with this decision. I think neither were they. So what we have started to do we started to looking into more details in terms of how the sale of the company could look like and how the entering this new market can look like. And I think those were the two most important exercises that we did during one phone call and frankly we didn't get much plenty of maps because there wasn't a lot of things to map but rather there were actions that they needed to take. So we have translated this map into the following set of actions. They need to separate Kevlar production because it is being used by both line by clothes and by monocoque bodies. So they need to separate the Kevlar production start due diligence because they want to sell the company but due diligence process takes three to six months. So they will have plenty of time and the next group of actions was what do we know about monocoque bodies? And this was a pretty interesting exercise because they have figured out they know something but not a lot and they need to hire designers, attend some fairs to build relationship with car manufacturers. They need to invest a lot in marketing, build relationships with producers and repeating myself and help the producers to embrace monocoque bodies. And why I'm saying this? I'm saying this because this market was about to grow for this company. So it was in this company interest to educate everyone here what are the benefits of using this niche technology and why everyone should be adopting it as soon as possible. And this was the end of the present, the end of the workshop, the end of the I think first phone call. So we have through the use of world day mapping, we have overcome the analysis paralysis in which they were stuck for like two years. What was really interesting for me was the feedback that I got after the workshop because it varied a lot and I think it was very favorable. The first person said I have learned a lot about my company. The background here is that this was like the most senior technician in the company. He knew a lot about processes, about technology, about customers, but had no idea about what are the strategic challenges of the company. The CEO of the company said that he was not a professional engineer, he was a professional engineer. The CEO told me something like this, we knew all of this, we expected a strategic breakthrough. And I have to admit I'm kind of guilty of inducing a similar thinking in a lot of people, especially when I was starting my adventure with world day mapping. I thought that world day maps have a lot of strategic insights into and to corporate gameplays. So if you apply a world day mapping to any scenario, you can figure out some expert strategy moves which were otherwise unthinkable. And this actually called me out because they were deadly right. I haven't introduced any new knowledge to the company except for world day mapping, but through a very, I would say, rigorous process of mapping we have discovered what's going to happen with their business and where do they have opportunities. And the last category of feedback, it was more like this, it was more discussing those things. It's always good to spend time on it. And it was this piece of feedback was delivered by the Chief Financial Officer, which I found in the beginning very difficult to do it because this person was stuck. This person was stuck with selling this particular part of business with profit. Actually, today when I think about it, what we've got, we've got a group of people so fixated on a small fraction of the entire landscape that they didn't even try to analyze the big picture and figure out if we cannot play here, where else we should be playing. So to summarize this engagement, it all started with an entry point. The company was already in the process of making a decision, but they were stuck because of multiple resets and fear of failure, which was perfectly understandable. What we have done, we have analyzed one by one their scenarios. They were considering as plausible and we have eliminated them. Then we have evaluated how the environment looks like. So it's actually going backwards in terms of what world they might be in. But we have evaluated the environment and we have found a few opportunities in the environment. And at the end, we have created very small, not experiments, but actions which were safe to fail. They didn't have to sell the company to embrace this new business, but when they have figured out, they could sell the company exactly when they were expected to build enough of knowledge about those new opportunities. And a year later, they have told me that they went with the plan and it was a good plan, which made up for all those comments and I actually find it to be a good work. This is all what I have prepared for today. Any questions, comments, thoughts? I mean, when I think about this presentation, about this engagement, I'm not sure what are your experiences in this particular space, but mine are that I actually faced two kinds of customers. There are people who are strongly with the decision and they have evaluated all the micro scenarios of what may happen, or almost all. We already have any new knowledge to those people. We rather structure them. We rather structure the discussion so they can build a short understanding. And the other group is that are people who aren't actually willing to embrace more name mapping. They just want to jump into action, as Eric was describing. And that group, I find a little bit more difficult to deal with. Yeah. Okay, how would I approach this again? That's a really good question. I mean, I would expand. I would build the landscape first. Because what they did and what I fell for was this focus on sell or not to sell. And this was a mistake on my side. Because as I have learned later, they had not just one business line, but a couple of them. And they could reuse money from selling one line in other spaces. But it was the question of finding out which of those other business lines is worth investing in. Rick, your comment is very much on spot. I wasn't able to put it in that way, but you are right. It was a change of mindset from sell, don't sell to what are our options. This is so good that I will write it down. I have a few other projects where I put mindset in the position, do or don't instead of what are our options. Thank you. And Rick, I could build up on that because later, much later, when I was running remote workshops, because this was done in person, we have actually started applying this approach to evaluating options. And this is, I mean, and again, this is a name that I probably shouldn't be using too loudly, but I'm pretty much influenced by Nassim Talib antifragility. And this is where we start with mapping the situation as it is right now. And we try to essentially place those options, which are inexpensive in execution, but will either reveal us a lot of knowledge about the field or perhaps promise some results. But if they fail, nothing really happens. Nish, thank you for your kind words. So I'm cheating a little bit because what you are seeing are maps prepared for the presentation. My work maps, they aren't so pretty. John, am I philosophical? No, I almost forgot my question or my reflection. But I think you mentioned the how to get those action oriented people on board that maybe that's harder. I share that observation. I mean, if you get those people who have the model in their brain, if you get them sort of on your side, that's really, really important because then your map will be so much better. Because some people have this intuitive capability of map things in their head, but they don't they're not always so good at communicating it. But if you if you can get them sort of on your side and you get them to realize that, hey, this is really good stuff, then the whole exercise will be so much easier and that will make it easier to get those skeptics on board as well. Because you get to something which feels real because it is real because the domain experts are doing the job for you, so to speak. This is a very good comment and actually I have seen it also a couple of times where people really they say that there is they knew this but they weren't able to express what they knew. And this is perhaps, I mean, one of the biggest value of world mapping that you teach people how to show their mental models and it creates discussions. That's how we're included to start. Manish. But to John's point about being more philosophical, yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's reflective if you can call that philosophical or meta or maybe that's philosophical. Yeah, I'm gonna leave now. Manish, please. Yeah, hey Chris, a question. Is looking at this feedback looks like people undermine the efforts and hard work that are brought in. Maybe don't give credit or have not. I'm not just generalizing things but we knew all this and you just came in and showed just the first door and all other doors we have opened. Right? And do you see some of those things happening? Like I'm not talking about frequency, but when people have having those biases that yeah, we knew all this and you get less of the credit sometimes. So I mean, I'm not, okay, I will be honest. Frankly, sometimes it burns when they undermine what I'm bringing to the world. But on the other hand, I'm usually the least knowledgeable person in the room and they already have the knowledge. So what I started doing, I think from this presentation is that I openly acknowledge that I'm playing the faciilier role. Perhaps I will show them a few patterns if the situation will require this, but they are the experts. And the only thing that I'm there to do is to cause healthy conflicts over a map. Right? And since then, I think I've got a slightly better feedback because people understand that the value is in the process and in the structure and in the open conversations. Yeah, and also you mentioned that you are not happy about the decision to sell. Yeah. Loathing, right? And so maybe as a facilitator also, you have a point of view to say. So it is not just that you're bringing cartography as a skill. Or being a facilitator. But in the process, you're also putting your point of view based on what you have learned in the workshop. So I think although these feedbacks don't directly point towards the hard work that you have done, I think there is a lot of credit due for that. Amazing use case. Thank you. And thank you for acknowledging that the underline underpinning maps are very complex and you have simplified it. Because I think as you remember, one of the tweets when you said that one of the companies selling the design of ventilator or open sourcing it or moving it for free, I was impressed. But then you, you're meaning I was very happy with that decision. But it was just two, three line maps and you draw, you've drawn a different parallels, a different insight from that. For example, the company by doing so will shed its responsibility from producing and fulfilling the demand. And it would say those who have the design can produce, don't tell us that we were the bottleneck in the process. So many of those insights came from very simple maps. And I think although the underpinning maps could be very complicated or complex, you have always made it simple enough to bring your story forward very effectively. Thank you, Manish. I'm afraid I'm going to leave myself and to a storyteller. And this is more like taking the people on journey with me and using those maps to sell ideas, to sell ideas to people and communicate in a clear way because I'm a terrible speaker and much seem to complement my natural or make up for my inability to speak. No, I think communication is not just words or grammar. I think you have put up a lot of insights in a very powerful way. And other question I have is you have all levels of people working in your workshop, brainstorming and interacting and from C-Soot to down. From your experience from different workshops, have you figured any time experience, two conflicting cults, like they are fighting each other and you had to really bring some of your skills as facilitators to say, hey, let's break the deadlock. Yeah, so I have seen that and I have to admit that it wasn't me who figured out what was the problem because I really get conflicts inside a group, I mean conflicts that have like two decisions because in the beginning of the workshops, I always say that there is no right or wrong and if you have a difference of opinions that requires preparing an experiment to figure out which of those is the right way to go. But what I have experienced once in a workshop was a person during a meeting which had slightly different background than the rest of the board and this person was responsible for a unit which if the company took the best strategic routes they could take, this particular unit would be severely done. And this person was actively working against the entire session and nobody in the room acknowledged the situation and I suspect the reason was that this person, so perhaps this is a wrong word, this person couldn't see that this particular unit will be downskate in the future. So it was like it was set as almost like a scapegoat to run this particular unit because if something bad happens it will not be one of us. And this was where there was a company that I failed to recognize, my capacity to pick it up and made it explicit, guys what's going on here because this isn't the discussion that we should be having and then they have revealed who is responsible for what and what will happen and this explicit or making the complicated interest explicit revealed or allowed the workshop to proceed. Is there a way to map that conflict of interest? Okay, thank you Chris for your interest. Locals are good to have here. Quick. Hey, so my question is kind of in the frame of, I'll use the words, the buzz words, out port versus outcomes, right? So and I think I see like the feedback you got and also the way the thing was originally framed and in how you say what did we accomplish in this session, I think like the output mindset is you're framing this as a decision was made, right? So we made the decision whatever that's a bit of an output like what I think is the problem here is the session framing, at least as you described to us and also the what did we accomplish, right? Framing that in an outcome mindset, right? Not mindset, mindset, in actually outcome. So an outcome is in a change of behavior, right? That's like behavior has changed and that's going to lead us towards a future impact of success. So here's evidence, we're having this problem, this behavior is happening and it's stopping us from getting to where it's, you know, and so we want to see a change in behavior in our organization that will get us to more success. So I don't want to put words like I just want to try and frame how would you describe what they believe the intended outcome was and then how would you describe, you know, if you frame this say here's what we accomplish, here's the outcome we accomplished and here's that's going to lead us to our impact. Could you put that in words for us? Oh, so now you've opened a very, very interesting challenge and this is one that I have been battling for a really long time, this is and do you have essentially touched a very big issue which is how do you sell world-wide mapping? Because this is exactly the challenge because we can deliver or we can sell a world-wide mapping session, a situational awareness session, but what usually it gets you, it gets you either expectations that you will become some evil strategic genius or and which then if they are confronted with what you know after the session they are really ready that they'll be and what you have just asked is whether or how I read it is whether there is a way to tell them upfront what will change in their behavior and so they they know what to look at and I mean you have framed it pretty well it's a change behavior in this particular situation, I think somebody put it earlier than earlier in the chat, it was a change of thinking from sell or don't sell to what are our options so we basically provided them the ability to make decisions in this highly uncertain environment or the ability to scan the environment for opportunities acceptable for them, right? But it wasn't sold that way. So yeah I think that's what I'm saying is so that's what you gave them was this ability but that's kind of an output so what I was like if you actually can bring it back up to let's talk about how wordly mapping is how right and it's kind of open so what I was saying is if you actually frame the problem you frame the situation early on very well and I'm not sure you realize that you framed it in an in an outcome they were having negative outcomes negative behaviors that were blocking them and they were missing outcomes so you said they had gone two years back and forth not being able to make a choice. Okay so this back and forth two years not being able to make a choice not being able to like push forward on that choice like if you say this is where we're stuck in circles right so this is a behavior it really exists now after this session they were not able not only to it's not just make that choice right but they knew how to what to do they had the options on how to follow through with that choice this was not a this is not a paper choice this was a choice that they knew how to follow through on to get their strategic impact their goal so if you look now you can get about what was our goal our goal is you know to make a business decision and choose how to make that more profitable for us in the future right and to know that's going to lead towards profit right to higher profit so that's our impact right so if you just the outcome in this is like that output outcome impact outcome is changing behavior so this making strategic decisions that we can tie follow through on right that we actually have actionable follow-through points right an actionable way to follow through is the outcome you're looking for structure right and so that's the strategic but that's really what they will be able to do so yes they knew all that stuff but this time they did something about it oh so did okay so if I understand your current there is another another challenge that I have with selling proper outcomes because what was the outcome of this workshop it was like a real strategy they knew where they are certainly they knew what are the opportunity threads and they had an idea how they are going to explore the environment in order to find or to improve their situation right but that's that's all the things they had the outputs it gave them was they knew the environment didn't work the outcome is how they used it that's what matters it's not that I know this map and I can explain the map it's now how are they making decisions look at how you just made a decision today and how you're making decisions going forward with knowledge you have this process and you make this decision and you know how to follow through on that decision that consensus that strategic decision is a real decision not a decision that's going to overturn when someone has doubts tomorrow loses the plot so this is a strategic decision that you're as a group capable of following through on and here's evidence of that use your behaviors here's what you've done differently that's the magic outcomes this is where I'm I've learned these buzzwords actually have better meaning like the output outcome impact right and so what's impact is that going to give us we're going to navigate more quickly to better profits through these decisions right that's what we want to do right and we're going to be able to follow through on our choices is behaviors right because that's going to keep us more focused and make us better profit right so outcomes are behaviors outputs are what we do this map is an output and it's no good unless it gives us an outcome and that outcome is a leading indicator of future impact which we have no control of so that's kind of the magic chain and so if you're using wordly mapping correctly right then you're using it in a situation where you are able to change strategic behavior otherwise it's a waste right otherwise you're just misapplying it and so that's really this what's the behavior that we want to change as an organization and what's that behavior change going to give us yes right otherwise there's no why am I using this new tool to get no benefit right so that's kind of what I was you know in this situation I'll leave that as probably an exercise thinking but you could probably describe in hindsight you know hindsight 2020 and now you talk to your people okay here's what we achieve together now we are able to do this right we were doing it we were not only were we able to do it once but we're able to repeatedly do this right we were doing it we were able to do it once but we're able to repeatedly do this and what's that going to give us because we have all these assumptions as we go through it to the next step we're going to learn something new and have to oh readjust the situation and make a decision so my goal is like not only did you do it once but now as you move this that next step when you learn some stuff if you readjust the map and make decisions based on this pattern then we've won and if you hit a point where you're struggling that's not happening give me a call right exactly you know you know it's it's not always obvious and then I can get you unstuck and pretty soon you'll never need me right that's the promise that's the promise that's the value the map is not the value and it's really hard to uh to get that and so now you have a good example now if you have flipped back and you're selling if you want to sell it right usually you sell it on pass this story is a pass they were stuck in a decision now not only did they break through that decision but they have a pattern for future decisions as they learn more so you can actually talk about now when they get into that like if you can actually keep an eye on that story and do that next step now when they could dug into it they realize some things if you can get that second level story now you've changed their behavior which is navigating them to profit that's a sellable story that I suggest you're you're very close to having that example not just one decision where I hold your hand but you've learned how to make strategic decisions in a way that's in your best interest very useful comments thank you thank you sorry if you're taking so much time so we have five minutes to the next session thank you all for being patient with me and for all the comments that you have said hopefully see you soon thank you Chris bye bye bye", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 5.5200000000000005, 'text': " And what I'm going to share is a real use case.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 437, 286, 478, 516, 281, 2073, 307, 257, 957, 764, 1389, 13, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 5.5200000000000005, 'end': 9.32, 'text': " It's a story of a consulting job.", 'tokens': [50640, 467, 311, 257, 1657, 295, 257, 23682, 1691, 13, 50830], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 9.32, 'end': 11.8, 'text': " And also, I'm a hate consultant, but this", 'tokens': [50830, 400, 611, 11, 286, 478, 257, 4700, 24676, 11, 457, 341, 50954], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 0, 'start': 11.8, 'end': 14.120000000000001, 'text': ' was one of the consulting engagements that I got', 'tokens': [50954, 390, 472, 295, 264, 23682, 44978, 300, 286, 658, 51070], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 0, 'start': 14.120000000000001, 'end': 16.4, 'text': ' when I was for the Unix forum.', 'tokens': [51070, 562, 286, 390, 337, 264, 1156, 970, 17542, 13, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 0, 'start': 16.4, 'end': 20.48, 'text': ' We are called to a rather small company,', 'tokens': [51184, 492, 366, 1219, 281, 257, 2831, 1359, 2237, 11, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 0, 'start': 20.48, 'end': 22.76, 'text': ' perhaps a thousand of employees.', 'tokens': [51388, 4317, 257, 4714, 295, 6619, 13, 51502], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 0, 'start': 22.76, 'end': 26.16, 'text': ' They were having issues with their strategy.', 'tokens': [51502, 814, 645, 1419, 2663, 365, 641, 5206, 13, 51672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 0, 'start': 26.16, 'end': 28.240000000000002, 'text': ' As I have said, this is a real use case,', 'tokens': [51672, 1018, 286, 362, 848, 11, 341, 307, 257, 957, 764, 1389, 11, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26731048440033534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6061946902654867, 'no_speech_prob': 0.042548809200525284}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 28.24, 'end': 29.84, 'text': ' but it has been anonymized.', 'tokens': [50364, 457, 309, 575, 668, 37293, 1602, 13, 50444], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 29.84, 'end': 35.44, 'text': ' And I had to change the industry in which it was operated.', 'tokens': [50444, 400, 286, 632, 281, 1319, 264, 3518, 294, 597, 309, 390, 20826, 13, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 35.44, 'end': 39.76, 'text': ' I took a lot of effort to make sure that the relationships', 'tokens': [50724, 286, 1890, 257, 688, 295, 4630, 281, 652, 988, 300, 264, 6159, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 39.76, 'end': 42.36, 'text': ' and the plausibility is still there.', 'tokens': [50940, 293, 264, 34946, 2841, 307, 920, 456, 13, 51070], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 42.36, 'end': 44.959999999999994, 'text': ' If you discover who it was, congratulations, please,', 'tokens': [51070, 759, 291, 4411, 567, 309, 390, 11, 13568, 11, 1767, 11, 51200], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 44.959999999999994, 'end': 48.0, 'text': " don't say it loudly.", 'tokens': [51200, 500, 380, 584, 309, 22958, 13, 51352], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 48.0, 'end': 52.4, 'text': ' So the entry point, when they have called us or contacted us,', 'tokens': [51352, 407, 264, 8729, 935, 11, 562, 436, 362, 1219, 505, 420, 21546, 505, 11, 51572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 52.4, 'end': 55.599999999999994, 'text': ' it was after they have completed the online call', 'tokens': [51572, 309, 390, 934, 436, 362, 7365, 264, 2950, 818, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 2824, 'start': 55.599999999999994, 'end': 57.519999999999996, 'text': ' for world-wide mapping.', 'tokens': [51732, 337, 1002, 12, 7990, 18350, 13, 51828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21389759711499484, 'compression_ratio': 1.589430894308943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018181338673457503}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 57.52, 'end': 60.56, 'text': ' And they said something like this.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 436, 848, 746, 411, 341, 13, 50516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 60.56, 'end': 62.84, 'text': ' We are producing Kevlar clothes.', 'tokens': [50516, 492, 366, 10501, 3189, 85, 2200, 5534, 13, 50630], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 62.84, 'end': 65.4, 'text': ' As you know, perhaps not.', 'tokens': [50630, 1018, 291, 458, 11, 4317, 406, 13, 50758], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 65.4, 'end': 70.04, 'text': " I don't know how much you are into riding bicycles.", 'tokens': [50758, 286, 500, 380, 458, 577, 709, 291, 366, 666, 9546, 47913, 13, 50990], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 70.04, 'end': 73.76, 'text': " Kevlar's are quite useful.", 'tokens': [50990, 3189, 85, 2200, 311, 366, 1596, 4420, 13, 51176], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 73.76, 'end': 79.52000000000001, 'text': ' And for building or producing clothes or protected clothes,', 'tokens': [51176, 400, 337, 2390, 420, 10501, 5534, 420, 10594, 5534, 11, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 79.52000000000001, 'end': 81.32000000000001, 'text': ' which are resistant to abrasion.', 'tokens': [51464, 597, 366, 20383, 281, 37351, 313, 13, 51554], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 5752, 'start': 81.32000000000001, 'end': 86.0, 'text': ' So when you are riding a bike and you have a crush,', 'tokens': [51554, 407, 562, 291, 366, 9546, 257, 5656, 293, 291, 362, 257, 10321, 11, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18823767768012153, 'compression_ratio': 1.561576354679803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011476295767351985}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 86.0, 'end': 88.96, 'text': ' you will not destroy your skin.', 'tokens': [50364, 291, 486, 406, 5293, 428, 3178, 13, 50512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 88.96, 'end': 92.44, 'text': ' So they were in the business of producing those clothes.', 'tokens': [50512, 407, 436, 645, 294, 264, 1606, 295, 10501, 729, 5534, 13, 50686], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 92.44, 'end': 96.32, 'text': ' And I think the market was like the entire European Union.', 'tokens': [50686, 400, 286, 519, 264, 2142, 390, 411, 264, 2302, 6473, 8133, 13, 50880], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 96.32, 'end': 101.04, 'text': ' And they were thinking about going to other markets.', 'tokens': [50880, 400, 436, 645, 1953, 466, 516, 281, 661, 8383, 13, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 101.04, 'end': 105.2, 'text': ' But they were facing a challenge because it turns out', 'tokens': [51116, 583, 436, 645, 7170, 257, 3430, 570, 309, 4523, 484, 51324], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 105.2, 'end': 107.56, 'text': ' that why Kevlar is really, really great.', 'tokens': [51324, 300, 983, 3189, 85, 2200, 307, 534, 11, 534, 869, 13, 51442], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 8600, 'start': 107.56, 'end': 115.36, 'text': " It's thick and heavy and nylon, while it's a little bit weaker.", 'tokens': [51442, 467, 311, 5060, 293, 4676, 293, 43503, 11, 1339, 309, 311, 257, 707, 857, 24286, 13, 51832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16586426765688003, 'compression_ratio': 1.5884955752212389, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01840166002511978}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 115.36, 'end': 119.64, 'text': ' It provides better protection from abrasion.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 6417, 1101, 6334, 490, 37351, 313, 13, 50578], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 119.64, 'end': 122.52, 'text': " So in the market, when they've operated,", 'tokens': [50578, 407, 294, 264, 2142, 11, 562, 436, 600, 20826, 11, 50722], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 122.52, 'end': 124.44, 'text': ' it works slightly better.', 'tokens': [50722, 309, 1985, 4748, 1101, 13, 50818], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 124.44, 'end': 129.44, 'text': " It's thinner, lighter, and it doesn't preserve heat as much", 'tokens': [50818, 467, 311, 21905, 11, 11546, 11, 293, 309, 1177, 380, 15665, 3738, 382, 709, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 129.44, 'end': 131.6, 'text': ' as Kevlar.', 'tokens': [51068, 382, 3189, 85, 2200, 13, 51176], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 131.6, 'end': 135.04, 'text': ' The result was that they have lost around 80%', 'tokens': [51176, 440, 1874, 390, 300, 436, 362, 2731, 926, 4688, 4, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 135.04, 'end': 137.88, 'text': ' of the entire market, not geographic,', 'tokens': [51348, 295, 264, 2302, 2142, 11, 406, 32318, 11, 51490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 11536, 'start': 137.88, 'end': 141.84, 'text': ' but in terms of volumes over a decade.', 'tokens': [51490, 457, 294, 2115, 295, 22219, 670, 257, 10378, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17972293941453957, 'compression_ratio': 1.4734299516908214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023414206225425005}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 141.84, 'end': 145.68, 'text': ' There was an opportunity for them because suppliers', 'tokens': [50364, 821, 390, 364, 2650, 337, 552, 570, 29467, 50556], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 145.68, 'end': 148.4, 'text': ' who provided liquid Kevlar to them', 'tokens': [50556, 567, 5649, 6553, 3189, 85, 2200, 281, 552, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 148.4, 'end': 150.88, 'text': ' wanted to go up in the value chain.', 'tokens': [50692, 1415, 281, 352, 493, 294, 264, 2158, 5021, 13, 50816], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 150.88, 'end': 154.24, 'text': ' And they wanted to acquire their factory together', 'tokens': [50816, 400, 436, 1415, 281, 20001, 641, 9265, 1214, 50984], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 154.24, 'end': 158.8, 'text': " with the design services to diversify, let's say,", 'tokens': [50984, 365, 264, 1715, 3328, 281, 6111, 2505, 11, 718, 311, 584, 11, 51212], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 158.8, 'end': 160.56, 'text': ' their operations.', 'tokens': [51212, 641, 7705, 13, 51300], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 160.56, 'end': 162.96, 'text': ' And at the same time, they have discovered', 'tokens': [51300, 400, 412, 264, 912, 565, 11, 436, 362, 6941, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 162.96, 'end': 166.28, 'text': ' that there is circular economy on the horizon.', 'tokens': [51420, 300, 456, 307, 16476, 5010, 322, 264, 18046, 13, 51586], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 14184, 'start': 166.28, 'end': 170.24, 'text': ' And they will be responsible for gathering these Kevlar clothes', 'tokens': [51586, 400, 436, 486, 312, 6250, 337, 13519, 613, 3189, 85, 2200, 5534, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1523444311959403, 'compression_ratio': 1.6485355648535565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.016114670783281326}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 17024, 'start': 171.20000000000002, 'end': 175.20000000000002, 'text': ' and utilizing it, which, as you can imagine,', 'tokens': [50412, 293, 26775, 309, 11, 597, 11, 382, 291, 393, 3811, 11, 50612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18814533512766768, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013299254700541496}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 17024, 'start': 175.20000000000002, 'end': 178.8, 'text': " isn't a simple task or it wasn't a simple task", 'tokens': [50612, 1943, 380, 257, 2199, 5633, 420, 309, 2067, 380, 257, 2199, 5633, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18814533512766768, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013299254700541496}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 17024, 'start': 178.8, 'end': 181.8, 'text': ' because it was easy to sell Kevlar clothes,', 'tokens': [50792, 570, 309, 390, 1858, 281, 3607, 3189, 85, 2200, 5534, 11, 50942], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18814533512766768, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013299254700541496}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 17024, 'start': 181.8, 'end': 185.60000000000002, 'text': " but it wasn't easy to gather them back and utilize them", 'tokens': [50942, 457, 309, 2067, 380, 1858, 281, 5448, 552, 646, 293, 16117, 552, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18814533512766768, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013299254700541496}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 17024, 'start': 185.60000000000002, 'end': 190.88, 'text': ' in one place or in distributed locations.', 'tokens': [51132, 294, 472, 1081, 420, 294, 12631, 9253, 13, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18814533512766768, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013299254700541496}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 17024, 'start': 190.88, 'end': 195.20000000000002, 'text': ' And the challenge was that they were in a two-year-long', 'tokens': [51396, 400, 264, 3430, 390, 300, 436, 645, 294, 257, 732, 12, 5294, 12, 13025, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18814533512766768, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013299254700541496}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 19520, 'start': 195.28, 'end': 199.44, 'text': ' decision process at the owner level', 'tokens': [50368, 3537, 1399, 412, 264, 7289, 1496, 50576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18336983581087482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11077854782342911}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 19520, 'start': 199.44, 'end': 204.32, 'text': ' because the sale of the company was irreversible', 'tokens': [50576, 570, 264, 8680, 295, 264, 2237, 390, 16014, 840, 964, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18336983581087482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11077854782342911}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 19520, 'start': 204.32, 'end': 208.0, 'text': ' and they had no alternative investment.', 'tokens': [50820, 293, 436, 632, 572, 8535, 6078, 13, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18336983581087482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11077854782342911}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 19520, 'start': 208.0, 'end': 213.51999999999998, 'text': ' So if they would have made a mistake,', 'tokens': [51004, 407, 498, 436, 576, 362, 1027, 257, 6146, 11, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18336983581087482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11077854782342911}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 19520, 'start': 213.51999999999998, 'end': 218.23999999999998, 'text': ' there was no recovery and they would lose quite a lot of money.', 'tokens': [51280, 456, 390, 572, 8597, 293, 436, 576, 3624, 1596, 257, 688, 295, 1460, 13, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18336983581087482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11077854782342911}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 19520, 'start': 218.23999999999998, 'end': 221.51999999999998, 'text': ' Now, they owned the company.', 'tokens': [51516, 823, 11, 436, 11684, 264, 2237, 13, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18336983581087482, 'compression_ratio': 1.5548780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11077854782342911}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 22152, 'start': 221.60000000000002, 'end': 230.08, 'text': " They had their personal, let's say, wealth invested in it.", 'tokens': [50368, 814, 632, 641, 2973, 11, 718, 311, 584, 11, 7203, 13104, 294, 309, 13, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041307721819197, 'compression_ratio': 1.560693641618497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013348700478672981}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 22152, 'start': 230.08, 'end': 233.76000000000002, 'text': ' So for them, it was a really important issue.', 'tokens': [50792, 407, 337, 552, 11, 309, 390, 257, 534, 1021, 2734, 13, 50976], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041307721819197, 'compression_ratio': 1.560693641618497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013348700478672981}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 22152, 'start': 233.76000000000002, 'end': 239.44, 'text': ' And at the same time, because of this mounting pressure here', 'tokens': [50976, 400, 412, 264, 912, 565, 11, 570, 295, 341, 22986, 3321, 510, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041307721819197, 'compression_ratio': 1.560693641618497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013348700478672981}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 22152, 'start': 239.44, 'end': 243.28, 'text': ' and because of this opportunity, which could be like once', 'tokens': [51260, 293, 570, 295, 341, 2650, 11, 597, 727, 312, 411, 1564, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041307721819197, 'compression_ratio': 1.560693641618497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013348700478672981}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 22152, 'start': 243.28, 'end': 247.28, 'text': ' in a lifetime or once in a decade opportunity,', 'tokens': [51452, 294, 257, 11364, 420, 1564, 294, 257, 10378, 2650, 11, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041307721819197, 'compression_ratio': 1.560693641618497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013348700478672981}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 247.28, 'end': 252.32, 'text': ' they thought they were pressured into making the decision', 'tokens': [50364, 436, 1194, 436, 645, 45306, 666, 1455, 264, 3537, 50616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 252.32, 'end': 255.2, 'text': ' right now and right here.', 'tokens': [50616, 558, 586, 293, 558, 510, 13, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 255.2, 'end': 260.08, 'text': " This two-year-long decision impasse didn't really help them", 'tokens': [50760, 639, 732, 12, 5294, 12, 13025, 3537, 704, 8604, 994, 380, 534, 854, 552, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 260.08, 'end': 262.16, 'text': ' in arriving to any solution.', 'tokens': [51004, 294, 22436, 281, 604, 3827, 13, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 262.16, 'end': 266.08, 'text': ' So I was to any decision, so I was contracted', 'tokens': [51108, 407, 286, 390, 281, 604, 3537, 11, 370, 286, 390, 37629, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 266.08, 'end': 270.32, 'text': ' for a single-day workshop, perhaps a few follow-up calls,', 'tokens': [51304, 337, 257, 2167, 12, 810, 13541, 11, 4317, 257, 1326, 1524, 12, 1010, 5498, 11, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 270.32, 'end': 273.76, 'text': ' to figure out what or whether world-lame mapping', 'tokens': [51516, 281, 2573, 484, 437, 420, 1968, 1002, 12, 75, 529, 18350, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 24728, 'start': 273.76, 'end': 276.08, 'text': ' can help in their situation.', 'tokens': [51688, 393, 854, 294, 641, 2590, 13, 51804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20803972085316977, 'compression_ratio': 1.5803571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008139509707689285}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 276.08, 'end': 279.12, 'text': " And what I'm going to share with you is more or less", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 437, 286, 478, 516, 281, 2073, 365, 291, 307, 544, 420, 1570, 50516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 279.12, 'end': 282.56, 'text': ' how the process looked like and what were the results.', 'tokens': [50516, 577, 264, 1399, 2956, 411, 293, 437, 645, 264, 3542, 13, 50688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 282.56, 'end': 285.52, 'text': " It's highly unlikely that I will lose the entire hour,", 'tokens': [50688, 467, 311, 5405, 17518, 300, 286, 486, 3624, 264, 2302, 1773, 11, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 285.52, 'end': 288.24, 'text': " perhaps we'll have some time for the discussion.", 'tokens': [50836, 4317, 321, 603, 362, 512, 565, 337, 264, 5017, 13, 50972], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 288.24, 'end': 292.47999999999996, 'text': ' So first of all, we started with trying to understand', 'tokens': [50972, 407, 700, 295, 439, 11, 321, 1409, 365, 1382, 281, 1223, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 292.47999999999996, 'end': 295.91999999999996, 'text': ' how the landscape looks like and what is really happening', 'tokens': [51184, 577, 264, 9661, 1542, 411, 293, 437, 307, 534, 2737, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 295.91999999999996, 'end': 298.47999999999996, 'text': ' in the industry.', 'tokens': [51356, 294, 264, 3518, 13, 51484], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 27608, 'start': 298.47999999999996, 'end': 303.76, 'text': ' And what they have told me, and the map was pretty much that complicated,', 'tokens': [51484, 400, 437, 436, 362, 1907, 385, 11, 293, 264, 4471, 390, 1238, 709, 300, 6179, 11, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13725054604666573, 'compression_ratio': 1.6693548387096775, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001921161892823875}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 30376, 'start': 303.84, 'end': 308.48, 'text': ' is was that they were producing protective clothes,', 'tokens': [50368, 307, 390, 300, 436, 645, 10501, 16314, 5534, 11, 50600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1722976870653106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021341759711503983}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 30376, 'start': 308.48, 'end': 313.36, 'text': ' they were using kevlar, and then there came those nasty nylon', 'tokens': [50600, 436, 645, 1228, 803, 85, 2200, 11, 293, 550, 456, 1361, 729, 17923, 43503, 50844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1722976870653106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021341759711503983}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 30376, 'start': 313.36, 'end': 317.92, 'text': ' companies and grabbed the market from them.', 'tokens': [50844, 3431, 293, 18607, 264, 2142, 490, 552, 13, 51072], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1722976870653106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021341759711503983}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 30376, 'start': 317.92, 'end': 323.84, 'text': ' 80% over a decade, the remaining 20% was still extremely attractive.', 'tokens': [51072, 4688, 4, 670, 257, 10378, 11, 264, 8877, 945, 4, 390, 920, 4664, 12609, 13, 51368], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1722976870653106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021341759711503983}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 30376, 'start': 323.84, 'end': 327.84, 'text': ' So it was worth staying for them in this market', 'tokens': [51368, 407, 309, 390, 3163, 7939, 337, 552, 294, 341, 2142, 51568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1722976870653106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021341759711503983}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 30376, 'start': 327.84, 'end': 331.92, 'text': ' for this niche or for the leftovers, because you can use', 'tokens': [51568, 337, 341, 19956, 420, 337, 264, 43011, 11, 570, 291, 393, 764, 51772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1722976870653106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5913461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021341759711503983}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 331.92, 'end': 337.36, 'text': ' another wall for the leftover, and they still would make a decent money.', 'tokens': [50364, 1071, 2929, 337, 264, 27373, 11, 293, 436, 920, 576, 652, 257, 8681, 1460, 13, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 337.36, 'end': 342.40000000000003, 'text': ' They had a little bit of problem with selling this part of the company,', 'tokens': [50636, 814, 632, 257, 707, 857, 295, 1154, 365, 6511, 341, 644, 295, 264, 2237, 11, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 342.40000000000003, 'end': 346.8, 'text': ' because they thought they had nothing else to invest money in,', 'tokens': [50888, 570, 436, 1194, 436, 632, 1825, 1646, 281, 1963, 1460, 294, 11, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 346.8, 'end': 349.92, 'text': ' and this was like a major showstopper in the discussion,', 'tokens': [51108, 293, 341, 390, 411, 257, 2563, 855, 13559, 610, 294, 264, 5017, 11, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 349.92, 'end': 353.76, 'text': ' because whenever they have arrived to any particular decision,', 'tokens': [51264, 570, 5699, 436, 362, 6678, 281, 604, 1729, 3537, 11, 51456], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 353.76, 'end': 356.8, 'text': ' there was always the question, and what if we are wrong,', 'tokens': [51456, 456, 390, 1009, 264, 1168, 11, 293, 437, 498, 321, 366, 2085, 11, 51608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 33192, 'start': 356.8, 'end': 361.84000000000003, 'text': ' and this reset conversation at least a dozen of times.', 'tokens': [51608, 293, 341, 14322, 3761, 412, 1935, 257, 16654, 295, 1413, 13, 51860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1435158230009533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7283464566929134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011565716937184334}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 36184, 'start': 361.84, 'end': 369.44, 'text': ' So the first step that we have made, we tried to evaluate the first', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 700, 1823, 300, 321, 362, 1027, 11, 321, 3031, 281, 13059, 264, 700, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15128138825133608, 'compression_ratio': 1.5892857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003450210206210613}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 36184, 'start': 369.44, 'end': 373.59999999999997, 'text': ' and most important hope for the future, which was like,', 'tokens': [50744, 293, 881, 1021, 1454, 337, 264, 2027, 11, 597, 390, 411, 11, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15128138825133608, 'compression_ratio': 1.5892857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003450210206210613}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 36184, 'start': 373.59999999999997, 'end': 376.56, 'text': ' we will get the market back.', 'tokens': [50952, 321, 486, 483, 264, 2142, 646, 13, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15128138825133608, 'compression_ratio': 1.5892857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003450210206210613}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 36184, 'start': 376.56, 'end': 380.32, 'text': ' Now, if you are a little bit into world-day mapping, you probably recognize', 'tokens': [51100, 823, 11, 498, 291, 366, 257, 707, 857, 666, 1002, 12, 810, 18350, 11, 291, 1391, 5521, 51288], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15128138825133608, 'compression_ratio': 1.5892857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003450210206210613}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 36184, 'start': 380.32, 'end': 385.52, 'text': ' the product-to-product transition that is happening in this particular space.', 'tokens': [51288, 264, 1674, 12, 1353, 12, 33244, 6034, 300, 307, 2737, 294, 341, 1729, 1901, 13, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15128138825133608, 'compression_ratio': 1.5892857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003450210206210613}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 36184, 'start': 385.52, 'end': 390.4, 'text': ' So it was a somewhat dark moment in the workshop,', 'tokens': [51548, 407, 309, 390, 257, 8344, 2877, 1623, 294, 264, 13541, 11, 51792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15128138825133608, 'compression_ratio': 1.5892857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003450210206210613}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 39040, 'start': 390.47999999999996, 'end': 396.71999999999997, 'text': ' but what they have realized is that if the process of transition from Kevlar', 'tokens': [50368, 457, 437, 436, 362, 5334, 307, 300, 498, 264, 1399, 295, 6034, 490, 3189, 85, 2200, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300710613807935, 'compression_ratio': 1.5859030837004404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018424764275550842}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 39040, 'start': 396.71999999999997, 'end': 402.15999999999997, 'text': " has been already in the progress for 10 years, it's highly unlikely that they", 'tokens': [50680, 575, 668, 1217, 294, 264, 4205, 337, 1266, 924, 11, 309, 311, 5405, 17518, 300, 436, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300710613807935, 'compression_ratio': 1.5859030837004404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018424764275550842}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 39040, 'start': 402.15999999999997, 'end': 406.47999999999996, 'text': ' will be able to turn over and win this market back.', 'tokens': [50952, 486, 312, 1075, 281, 1261, 670, 293, 1942, 341, 2142, 646, 13, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300710613807935, 'compression_ratio': 1.5859030837004404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018424764275550842}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 39040, 'start': 406.47999999999996, 'end': 410.88, 'text': " Those things simply doesn't happen, and even if they happen,", 'tokens': [51168, 3950, 721, 2935, 1177, 380, 1051, 11, 293, 754, 498, 436, 1051, 11, 51388], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300710613807935, 'compression_ratio': 1.5859030837004404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018424764275550842}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 39040, 'start': 410.88, 'end': 418.79999999999995, 'text': " the chance of it happening is so small that it's not worth betting your entire wealth on it.", 'tokens': [51388, 264, 2931, 295, 309, 2737, 307, 370, 1359, 300, 309, 311, 406, 3163, 34246, 428, 2302, 7203, 322, 309, 13, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300710613807935, 'compression_ratio': 1.5859030837004404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018424764275550842}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 41880, 'start': 418.8, 'end': 422.48, 'text': ' It actually makes sense to invest some pocket money,', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 767, 1669, 2020, 281, 1963, 512, 8963, 1460, 11, 50548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12232116135683926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5916666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025773579254746437}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 41880, 'start': 422.48, 'end': 427.44, 'text': " which you can afford to lose, but doesn't mean betting everything on it.", 'tokens': [50548, 597, 291, 393, 6157, 281, 3624, 11, 457, 1177, 380, 914, 34246, 1203, 322, 309, 13, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12232116135683926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5916666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025773579254746437}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 41880, 'start': 427.44, 'end': 433.04, 'text': " And what they've also said is that they could perhaps create a slightly improved,", 'tokens': [50796, 400, 437, 436, 600, 611, 848, 307, 300, 436, 727, 4317, 1884, 257, 4748, 9689, 11, 51076], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12232116135683926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5916666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025773579254746437}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 41880, 'start': 433.04, 'end': 438.24, 'text': ' or actually significantly improved production process,', 'tokens': [51076, 420, 767, 10591, 9689, 4265, 1399, 11, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12232116135683926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5916666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025773579254746437}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 41880, 'start': 438.24, 'end': 441.28000000000003, 'text': ' which would reverse things happening in the market.', 'tokens': [51336, 597, 576, 9943, 721, 2737, 294, 264, 2142, 13, 51488], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12232116135683926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5916666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025773579254746437}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 41880, 'start': 441.28000000000003, 'end': 445.68, 'text': ' They thought it was possible, but then what do we have tried to do?', 'tokens': [51488, 814, 1194, 309, 390, 1944, 11, 457, 550, 437, 360, 321, 362, 3031, 281, 360, 30, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12232116135683926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5916666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025773579254746437}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 44568, 'start': 445.68, 'end': 449.52, 'text': ' We have evaluated the money behind the research.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 362, 25509, 264, 1460, 2261, 264, 2132, 13, 50556], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11280198324294317, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025592241436243057}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 44568, 'start': 449.52, 'end': 456.0, 'text': ' As I have said, the 20% of this market was still very attractive,', 'tokens': [50556, 1018, 286, 362, 848, 11, 264, 945, 4, 295, 341, 2142, 390, 920, 588, 12609, 11, 50880], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11280198324294317, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025592241436243057}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 44568, 'start': 456.0, 'end': 462.4, 'text': ' so those companies that here providing that type of clothes were trying to', 'tokens': [50880, 370, 729, 3431, 300, 510, 6530, 300, 2010, 295, 5534, 645, 1382, 281, 51200], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11280198324294317, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025592241436243057}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 44568, 'start': 463.2, 'end': 468.4, 'text': ' make nylon good enough to replace Kevlar in this particular space too.', 'tokens': [51240, 652, 43503, 665, 1547, 281, 7406, 3189, 85, 2200, 294, 341, 1729, 1901, 886, 13, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11280198324294317, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025592241436243057}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 44568, 'start': 469.36, 'end': 474.16, 'text': ' And when we have evaluated how much money is in the R&D right now going on,', 'tokens': [51548, 400, 562, 321, 362, 25509, 577, 709, 1460, 307, 294, 264, 497, 5, 35, 558, 586, 516, 322, 11, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11280198324294317, 'compression_ratio': 1.5483870967741935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025592241436243057}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 47416, 'start': 475.04, 'end': 479.28000000000003, 'text': ' the Kevlar company could afford a really small sum,', 'tokens': [50408, 264, 3189, 85, 2200, 2237, 727, 6157, 257, 534, 1359, 2408, 11, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.204301084790911, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005612001288682222}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 47416, 'start': 479.28000000000003, 'end': 487.68, 'text': ' some where the nylon companies combined, they hit around 30 times more bigger budget', 'tokens': [50620, 512, 689, 264, 43503, 3431, 9354, 11, 436, 2045, 926, 2217, 1413, 544, 3801, 4706, 51040], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.204301084790911, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005612001288682222}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 47416, 'start': 488.32000000000005, 'end': 494.88, 'text': ' for research. And this, when they have realized it, this was like the essential,', 'tokens': [51072, 337, 2132, 13, 400, 341, 11, 562, 436, 362, 5334, 309, 11, 341, 390, 411, 264, 7115, 11, 51400], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.204301084790911, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005612001288682222}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 47416, 'start': 495.52000000000004, 'end': 500.40000000000003, 'text': ' this was the dead end of this initiative trying to get the position back.', 'tokens': [51432, 341, 390, 264, 3116, 917, 295, 341, 11552, 1382, 281, 483, 264, 2535, 646, 13, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.204301084790911, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005612001288682222}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 50040, 'start': 501.35999999999996, 'end': 504.32, 'text': ' What are their hopes was removed from the table.', 'tokens': [50412, 708, 366, 641, 13681, 390, 7261, 490, 264, 3199, 13, 50560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1319296797927545, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01558037381619215}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 50040, 'start': 505.52, 'end': 512.8, 'text': ' And so at this point, they have also recognized that there is no future in this market,', 'tokens': [50620, 400, 370, 412, 341, 935, 11, 436, 362, 611, 9823, 300, 456, 307, 572, 2027, 294, 341, 2142, 11, 50984], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1319296797927545, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01558037381619215}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 50040, 'start': 513.52, 'end': 520.0, 'text': " and they need to sell. And if they need to sell, they will have to reinvest the money they've got,", 'tokens': [51020, 293, 436, 643, 281, 3607, 13, 400, 498, 436, 643, 281, 3607, 11, 436, 486, 362, 281, 6561, 5571, 264, 1460, 436, 600, 658, 11, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1319296797927545, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01558037381619215}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 50040, 'start': 520.64, 'end': 526.56, 'text': " because if they don't sell, or if they sell, and they invest in something,", 'tokens': [51376, 570, 498, 436, 500, 380, 3607, 11, 420, 498, 436, 3607, 11, 293, 436, 1963, 294, 746, 11, 51672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1319296797927545, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01558037381619215}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 50040, 'start': 526.56, 'end': 529.84, 'text': " let's say they have no idea about, they will lose money anyway.", 'tokens': [51672, 718, 311, 584, 436, 362, 572, 1558, 466, 11, 436, 486, 3624, 1460, 4033, 13, 51836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1319296797927545, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01558037381619215}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 53040, 'start': 530.64, 'end': 534.48, 'text': ' This led me to drawing a picture or a graph like this.', 'tokens': [50376, 639, 4684, 385, 281, 6316, 257, 3036, 420, 257, 4295, 411, 341, 13, 50568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10668839348687066, 'compression_ratio': 1.7934782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022344053722918034}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 53040, 'start': 536.3199999999999, 'end': 543.52, 'text': ' This is a correlation or relationship between the risk appetite and this uncertainty or', 'tokens': [50660, 639, 307, 257, 20009, 420, 2480, 1296, 264, 3148, 23996, 293, 341, 15697, 420, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10668839348687066, 'compression_ratio': 1.7934782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022344053722918034}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 53040, 'start': 543.52, 'end': 550.48, 'text': ' certainty of the business. Most traditional businesses tend to operate on a very low risk', 'tokens': [51020, 27022, 295, 264, 1606, 13, 4534, 5164, 6011, 3928, 281, 9651, 322, 257, 588, 2295, 3148, 51368], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10668839348687066, 'compression_ratio': 1.7934782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022344053722918034}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 53040, 'start': 550.48, 'end': 556.56, 'text': ' appetite and in a very certain businesses. This is the current business and stuff that they know.', 'tokens': [51368, 23996, 293, 294, 257, 588, 1629, 6011, 13, 639, 307, 264, 2190, 1606, 293, 1507, 300, 436, 458, 13, 51672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10668839348687066, 'compression_ratio': 1.7934782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0022344053722918034}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 55656, 'start': 556.56, 'end': 561.68, 'text': ' Next to the stuff those businesses know, there is the adjacent unexplored,', 'tokens': [50364, 3087, 281, 264, 1507, 729, 6011, 458, 11, 456, 307, 264, 24441, 11572, 564, 2769, 11, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.133023273113162, 'compression_ratio': 1.6267281105990783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024260273203253746}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 55656, 'start': 562.4799999999999, 'end': 569.3599999999999, 'text': ' which is slightly more risky, but still possible. And there are the big unknowns a little bit', 'tokens': [50660, 597, 307, 4748, 544, 21137, 11, 457, 920, 1944, 13, 400, 456, 366, 264, 955, 46048, 257, 707, 857, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.133023273113162, 'compression_ratio': 1.6267281105990783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024260273203253746}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 55656, 'start': 569.3599999999999, 'end': 574.9599999999999, 'text': ' forward. And there is the no goes on, meaning that no rational organization would go there,', 'tokens': [51004, 2128, 13, 400, 456, 307, 264, 572, 1709, 322, 11, 3620, 300, 572, 15090, 4475, 576, 352, 456, 11, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.133023273113162, 'compression_ratio': 1.6267281105990783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024260273203253746}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 55656, 'start': 574.9599999999999, 'end': 580.8, 'text': " because there's too much risk, too much risk in it, and they simply don't have the appetite.", 'tokens': [51284, 570, 456, 311, 886, 709, 3148, 11, 886, 709, 3148, 294, 309, 11, 293, 436, 2935, 500, 380, 362, 264, 23996, 13, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.133023273113162, 'compression_ratio': 1.6267281105990783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0024260273203253746}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 58080, 'start': 581.4399999999999, 'end': 588.0, 'text': ' If you think about the existing companies, or how they re-operate right now, we could probably say', 'tokens': [50396, 759, 291, 519, 466, 264, 6741, 3431, 11, 420, 577, 436, 319, 12, 7192, 473, 558, 586, 11, 321, 727, 1391, 584, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15753534105088976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4873096446700507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006947917398065329}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 58080, 'start': 588.0, 'end': 598.16, 'text': ' AWS sits on this line, Uber, Revolute, and Apple with iPhone, they were extremely risky moves,', 'tokens': [50724, 17650, 12696, 322, 341, 1622, 11, 21839, 11, 1300, 9646, 1169, 11, 293, 6373, 365, 7252, 11, 436, 645, 4664, 21137, 6067, 11, 51232], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15753534105088976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4873096446700507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006947917398065329}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 58080, 'start': 598.16, 'end': 604.7199999999999, 'text': ' but the owners had appetite, and other companies such as NVIDIA operate probably in this particular', 'tokens': [51232, 457, 264, 7710, 632, 23996, 11, 293, 661, 3431, 1270, 382, 426, 3958, 6914, 9651, 1391, 294, 341, 1729, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15753534105088976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4873096446700507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006947917398065329}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 60472, 'start': 604.8000000000001, 'end': 612.32, 'text': " space. So why I'm showing this picture? Because for any business, it's quite easy,", 'tokens': [50368, 1901, 13, 407, 983, 286, 478, 4099, 341, 3036, 30, 1436, 337, 604, 1606, 11, 309, 311, 1596, 1858, 11, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1855173251208137, 'compression_ratio': 1.46448087431694, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02090274728834629}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 60472, 'start': 613.0400000000001, 'end': 621.0400000000001, 'text': ' perhaps not quite, but it is easy to jump into the adjacent unexplored. Because this is the space', 'tokens': [50780, 4317, 406, 1596, 11, 457, 309, 307, 1858, 281, 3012, 666, 264, 24441, 11572, 564, 2769, 13, 1436, 341, 307, 264, 1901, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1855173251208137, 'compression_ratio': 1.46448087431694, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02090274728834629}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 60472, 'start': 621.6, 'end': 628.24, 'text': ' which you use slightly or even more than slightly understand, the risk is not that big,', 'tokens': [51208, 597, 291, 764, 4748, 420, 754, 544, 813, 4748, 1223, 11, 264, 3148, 307, 406, 300, 955, 11, 51540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1855173251208137, 'compression_ratio': 1.46448087431694, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02090274728834629}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 62824, 'start': 629.04, 'end': 634.8, 'text': ' and with decent amount of safeguarding, you can move into that particular space.', 'tokens': [50404, 293, 365, 8681, 2372, 295, 40153, 278, 11, 291, 393, 1286, 666, 300, 1729, 1901, 13, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09452818260818231, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696132596685083, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07071516662836075}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 62824, 'start': 635.84, 'end': 642.88, 'text': ' What is never going to happen is a jump from your current business into some totally unknown', 'tokens': [50744, 708, 307, 1128, 516, 281, 1051, 307, 257, 3012, 490, 428, 2190, 1606, 666, 512, 3879, 9841, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09452818260818231, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696132596685083, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07071516662836075}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 62824, 'start': 642.88, 'end': 653.12, 'text': ' territory. No board can do that, because if they fail, their day career is severely limited.', 'tokens': [51096, 11360, 13, 883, 3150, 393, 360, 300, 11, 570, 498, 436, 3061, 11, 641, 786, 3988, 307, 26271, 5567, 13, 51608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09452818260818231, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696132596685083, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07071516662836075}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 65312, 'start': 653.2, 'end': 658.5600000000001, 'text': ' So if you have a company which has a public ownership and is publicly traded,', 'tokens': [50368, 407, 498, 291, 362, 257, 2237, 597, 575, 257, 1908, 15279, 293, 307, 14843, 27157, 11, 50636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28076768532777446, 'compression_ratio': 1.570754716981132, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012613581493496895}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 65312, 'start': 658.5600000000001, 'end': 664.96, 'text': ' they always seem to operate in the current business space, meaning they have very little', 'tokens': [50636, 436, 1009, 1643, 281, 9651, 294, 264, 2190, 1606, 1901, 11, 3620, 436, 362, 588, 707, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28076768532777446, 'compression_ratio': 1.570754716981132, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012613581493496895}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 65312, 'start': 664.96, 'end': 670.32, 'text': ' appetite to go for anything which is outside of their comfort zone.', 'tokens': [50956, 23996, 281, 352, 337, 1340, 597, 307, 2380, 295, 641, 3400, 6668, 13, 51224], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28076768532777446, 'compression_ratio': 1.570754716981132, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012613581493496895}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 65312, 'start': 672.48, 'end': 678.96, 'text': " Now, the stuff here irrational, it doesn't mean that this is wrong, it just means that if you want", 'tokens': [51332, 823, 11, 264, 1507, 510, 39914, 11, 309, 1177, 380, 914, 300, 341, 307, 2085, 11, 309, 445, 1355, 300, 498, 291, 528, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28076768532777446, 'compression_ratio': 1.570754716981132, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012613581493496895}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 67896, 'start': 679.12, 'end': 684.0, 'text': ' to jump in this space, you have to have big risk appetite, and you have to be willing to', 'tokens': [50372, 281, 3012, 294, 341, 1901, 11, 291, 362, 281, 362, 955, 3148, 23996, 11, 293, 291, 362, 281, 312, 4950, 281, 50616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2849191120692662, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008779176510870457}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 67896, 'start': 684.0, 'end': 691.12, 'text': ' lose everything that you have had, that you have. And unfortunately, this is rather the case.', 'tokens': [50616, 3624, 1203, 300, 291, 362, 632, 11, 300, 291, 362, 13, 400, 7015, 11, 341, 307, 2831, 264, 1389, 13, 50972], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2849191120692662, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008779176510870457}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 67896, 'start': 692.08, 'end': 702.08, 'text': ' So since they have recognized that they have to sell, we have to figure out what can they do with', 'tokens': [51020, 407, 1670, 436, 362, 9823, 300, 436, 362, 281, 3607, 11, 321, 362, 281, 2573, 484, 437, 393, 436, 360, 365, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2849191120692662, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008779176510870457}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 70208, 'start': 702.88, 'end': 710.4000000000001, 'text': ' the money. Where is the opportunity for them to grow into? Where is the adjacent unexplored?', 'tokens': [50404, 264, 1460, 13, 2305, 307, 264, 2650, 337, 552, 281, 1852, 666, 30, 2305, 307, 264, 24441, 11572, 564, 2769, 30, 50780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10029612416806429, 'compression_ratio': 1.518716577540107, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022731496021151543}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 70208, 'start': 711.44, 'end': 718.88, 'text': ' And we have to expand the scope of the mapping exercise. Today, when I think about it, I think', 'tokens': [50832, 400, 321, 362, 281, 5268, 264, 11923, 295, 264, 18350, 5380, 13, 2692, 11, 562, 286, 519, 466, 309, 11, 286, 519, 51204], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10029612416806429, 'compression_ratio': 1.518716577540107, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022731496021151543}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 70208, 'start': 718.88, 'end': 725.0400000000001, 'text': ' we have made a massive mistake starting from the company itself. We should have started with the', 'tokens': [51204, 321, 362, 1027, 257, 5994, 6146, 2891, 490, 264, 2237, 2564, 13, 492, 820, 362, 1409, 365, 264, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10029612416806429, 'compression_ratio': 1.518716577540107, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022731496021151543}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 72504, 'start': 725.04, 'end': 732.16, 'text': ' entire landscape because not expanding the scope or focusing on a very limited piece,', 'tokens': [50364, 2302, 9661, 570, 406, 14702, 264, 11923, 420, 8416, 322, 257, 588, 5567, 2522, 11, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17125449180603028, 'compression_ratio': 1.569767441860465, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10390518605709076}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 72504, 'start': 733.04, 'end': 742.48, 'text': ' they have been talking about who do need to a local optimum. And I think I was very lucky', 'tokens': [50764, 436, 362, 668, 1417, 466, 567, 360, 643, 281, 257, 2654, 39326, 13, 400, 286, 519, 286, 390, 588, 6356, 51236], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17125449180603028, 'compression_ratio': 1.569767441860465, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10390518605709076}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 72504, 'start': 742.48, 'end': 749.4399999999999, 'text': ' on that particular workshop that there was no local optimal solution because if there was one,', 'tokens': [51236, 322, 300, 1729, 13541, 300, 456, 390, 572, 2654, 16252, 3827, 570, 498, 456, 390, 472, 11, 51584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17125449180603028, 'compression_ratio': 1.569767441860465, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10390518605709076}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 74944, 'start': 750.0, 'end': 757.5200000000001, 'text': ' we would have probably ended with it. So we started thinking about what else can be done with Kevlar.', 'tokens': [50392, 321, 576, 362, 1391, 4590, 365, 309, 13, 407, 321, 1409, 1953, 466, 437, 1646, 393, 312, 1096, 365, 3189, 85, 2200, 13, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1428085962931315, 'compression_ratio': 1.5105263157894737, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010068061761558056}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 74944, 'start': 758.1600000000001, 'end': 765.84, 'text': ' And the most surprising answer was, you know, Chris, we want to sell this part of the company,', 'tokens': [50800, 400, 264, 881, 8830, 1867, 390, 11, 291, 458, 11, 6688, 11, 321, 528, 281, 3607, 341, 644, 295, 264, 2237, 11, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1428085962931315, 'compression_ratio': 1.5105263157894737, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010068061761558056}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 74944, 'start': 765.84, 'end': 773.6, 'text': " but we are doing other stuff with Kevlar too. Wow, that was quite a revelation that wasn't", 'tokens': [51184, 457, 321, 366, 884, 661, 1507, 365, 3189, 85, 2200, 886, 13, 3153, 11, 300, 390, 1596, 257, 23456, 300, 2067, 380, 51572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1428085962931315, 'compression_ratio': 1.5105263157894737, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010068061761558056}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 77360, 'start': 773.6800000000001, 'end': 780.64, 'text': ' meant to be a part of the workshop in the beginning, but they were willing to explore the part with me', 'tokens': [50368, 4140, 281, 312, 257, 644, 295, 264, 13541, 294, 264, 2863, 11, 457, 436, 645, 4950, 281, 6839, 264, 644, 365, 385, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2489165185203015, 'compression_ratio': 1.6779661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014667807146906853}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 77360, 'start': 780.64, 'end': 789.52, 'text': ' only because they had no idea how to proceed with this small triangle. So the rest of the workshop', 'tokens': [50716, 787, 570, 436, 632, 572, 1558, 577, 281, 8991, 365, 341, 1359, 13369, 13, 407, 264, 1472, 295, 264, 13541, 51160], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2489165185203015, 'compression_ratio': 1.6779661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014667807146906853}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 77360, 'start': 789.52, 'end': 796.24, 'text': " and the rest of the workshop I'm talking about right now, we were probably at the sixth hour of", 'tokens': [51160, 293, 264, 1472, 295, 264, 13541, 286, 478, 1417, 466, 558, 586, 11, 321, 645, 1391, 412, 264, 15102, 1773, 295, 51496], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2489165185203015, 'compression_ratio': 1.6779661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014667807146906853}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 79624, 'start': 796.8, 'end': 802.64, 'text': ' a eight-hour workshop. Majority of time was spent into debating whether the', 'tokens': [50392, 257, 3180, 12, 18048, 13541, 13, 15581, 507, 295, 565, 390, 4418, 666, 40647, 1968, 264, 50684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16310028857495412, 'compression_ratio': 1.672811059907834, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020882658660411835}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 79624, 'start': 803.28, 'end': 809.36, 'text': ' dead end is really at the end and whether they really have to sell the company. They have accepted', 'tokens': [50716, 3116, 917, 307, 534, 412, 264, 917, 293, 1968, 436, 534, 362, 281, 3607, 264, 2237, 13, 814, 362, 9035, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16310028857495412, 'compression_ratio': 1.672811059907834, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020882658660411835}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 79624, 'start': 809.36, 'end': 816.08, 'text': ' the fact. So they have told me they have other factories or other parts and they are actively', 'tokens': [51020, 264, 1186, 13, 407, 436, 362, 1907, 385, 436, 362, 661, 24813, 420, 661, 3166, 293, 436, 366, 13022, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16310028857495412, 'compression_ratio': 1.672811059907834, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020882658660411835}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 79624, 'start': 817.28, 'end': 822.4, 'text': " researching the electricity production. This is actually quite funny. I'm not sure if you have", 'tokens': [51416, 24176, 264, 10356, 4265, 13, 639, 307, 767, 1596, 4074, 13, 286, 478, 406, 988, 498, 291, 362, 51672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16310028857495412, 'compression_ratio': 1.672811059907834, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020882658660411835}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 82240, 'start': 822.4, 'end': 827.76, 'text': ' heard about it, but if you have Kevlar clothes, Kevlar clothes are capable of generating electricity', 'tokens': [50364, 2198, 466, 309, 11, 457, 498, 291, 362, 3189, 85, 2200, 5534, 11, 3189, 85, 2200, 5534, 366, 8189, 295, 17746, 10356, 50632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11387248371922692, 'compression_ratio': 1.728888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014887623488903046}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 82240, 'start': 827.76, 'end': 833.28, 'text': " out of the movement and this electricity could be used to power some personal devices. So it's", 'tokens': [50632, 484, 295, 264, 3963, 293, 341, 10356, 727, 312, 1143, 281, 1347, 512, 2973, 5759, 13, 407, 309, 311, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11387248371922692, 'compression_ratio': 1.728888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014887623488903046}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 82240, 'start': 833.84, 'end': 841.68, 'text': " it's a pretty promising direction. They also told me that they were building protective equipment.", 'tokens': [50936, 309, 311, 257, 1238, 20257, 3513, 13, 814, 611, 1907, 385, 300, 436, 645, 2390, 16314, 5927, 13, 51328], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11387248371922692, 'compression_ratio': 1.728888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014887623488903046}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 82240, 'start': 841.68, 'end': 846.8, 'text': ' This is the sort of the military protective equipment that you can see sometimes in the movies', 'tokens': [51328, 639, 307, 264, 1333, 295, 264, 4632, 16314, 5927, 300, 291, 393, 536, 2171, 294, 264, 6233, 51584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11387248371922692, 'compression_ratio': 1.728888888888889, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014887623488903046}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 84680, 'start': 846.88, 'end': 852.64, 'text': " and if you are as fortunate on the streets. They've also told me that they are they were", 'tokens': [50368, 293, 498, 291, 366, 382, 14096, 322, 264, 8481, 13, 814, 600, 611, 1907, 385, 300, 436, 366, 436, 645, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14396211079188756, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008032427169382572}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 84680, 'start': 852.64, 'end': 859.52, 'text': ' building shoes or at least components for shoes because Kevlar shoes are apparently trendy and', 'tokens': [50656, 2390, 6654, 420, 412, 1935, 6677, 337, 6654, 570, 3189, 85, 2200, 6654, 366, 7970, 38596, 293, 51000], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14396211079188756, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008032427169382572}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 84680, 'start': 859.52, 'end': 866.64, 'text': " very useful and they've mentioned that they were building bike fairs and monocoque bodies.", 'tokens': [51000, 588, 4420, 293, 436, 600, 2835, 300, 436, 645, 2390, 5656, 3143, 82, 293, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 13, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14396211079188756, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008032427169382572}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 84680, 'start': 867.8399999999999, 'end': 875.68, 'text': " Now I've never heard the term monocoque body and it looked very interesting because they", 'tokens': [51416, 823, 286, 600, 1128, 2198, 264, 1433, 1108, 11198, 1077, 1772, 293, 309, 2956, 588, 1880, 570, 436, 51808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14396211079188756, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008032427169382572}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 87568, 'start': 875.68, 'end': 885.4399999999999, 'text': ' positioned it more or less in this particular place which is custom such product which means it', 'tokens': [50364, 24889, 309, 544, 420, 1570, 294, 341, 1729, 1081, 597, 307, 2375, 1270, 1674, 597, 1355, 309, 50852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13448020390101842, 'compression_ratio': 1.5543478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004207558464258909}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 87568, 'start': 885.4399999999999, 'end': 893.68, 'text': ' has a little bit of potential. So monocoque body turns out is a single shell body that you use to', 'tokens': [50852, 575, 257, 707, 857, 295, 3995, 13, 407, 1108, 11198, 1077, 1772, 4523, 484, 307, 257, 2167, 8720, 1772, 300, 291, 764, 281, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13448020390101842, 'compression_ratio': 1.5543478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004207558464258909}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 87568, 'start': 893.68, 'end': 901.04, 'text': " build cars, planes, drones and it's a kind of the body which has no frame inside and all the", 'tokens': [51264, 1322, 5163, 11, 14952, 11, 23823, 293, 309, 311, 257, 733, 295, 264, 1772, 597, 575, 572, 3920, 1854, 293, 439, 264, 51632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13448020390101842, 'compression_ratio': 1.5543478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004207558464258909}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 90104, 'start': 901.04, 'end': 907.92, 'text': ' tensions are handled by the skin by a thin layer of material Kevlar in this side which is capable', 'tokens': [50364, 28303, 366, 18033, 538, 264, 3178, 538, 257, 5862, 4583, 295, 2527, 3189, 85, 2200, 294, 341, 1252, 597, 307, 8189, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09054262497845818, 'compression_ratio': 1.5572916666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003938298672437668}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 90104, 'start': 907.92, 'end': 915.12, 'text': ' of protecting what is inside and handling tensions and making sure that the entire mechanics whether', 'tokens': [50708, 295, 12316, 437, 307, 1854, 293, 13175, 28303, 293, 1455, 988, 300, 264, 2302, 12939, 1968, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09054262497845818, 'compression_ratio': 1.5572916666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003938298672437668}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 90104, 'start': 915.12, 'end': 923.92, 'text': " it's a car, plane or anything doesn't break and fly. So we started pushing a little bit more because", 'tokens': [51068, 309, 311, 257, 1032, 11, 5720, 420, 1340, 1177, 380, 1821, 293, 3603, 13, 407, 321, 1409, 7380, 257, 707, 857, 544, 570, 51508], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09054262497845818, 'compression_ratio': 1.5572916666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003938298672437668}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 92392, 'start': 924.0, 'end': 931.68, 'text': ' electricity production is indigenesis space. Those look like end user products so they had', 'tokens': [50368, 10356, 4265, 307, 1016, 3213, 9374, 1901, 13, 3950, 574, 411, 917, 4195, 3383, 370, 436, 632, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19031169496733566, 'compression_ratio': 1.491891891891892, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01604013703763485}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 92392, 'start': 931.68, 'end': 941.1999999999999, 'text': ' only organic growth available. Clothes were a closing market and protective equipment was', 'tokens': [50752, 787, 10220, 4599, 2435, 13, 2033, 4624, 645, 257, 10377, 2142, 293, 16314, 5927, 390, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19031169496733566, 'compression_ratio': 1.491891891891892, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01604013703763485}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 92392, 'start': 941.1999999999999, 'end': 948.0799999999999, 'text': ' fairly standard commodity market. So monocoque bodies look promising and they have told me that', 'tokens': [51228, 6457, 3832, 29125, 2142, 13, 407, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 574, 20257, 293, 436, 362, 1907, 385, 300, 51572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19031169496733566, 'compression_ratio': 1.491891891891892, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01604013703763485}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 94808, 'start': 948.08, 'end': 955.2, 'text': ' they have some capabilities in this particular space and they are actually building or providing', 'tokens': [50364, 436, 362, 512, 10862, 294, 341, 1729, 1901, 293, 436, 366, 767, 2390, 420, 6530, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11125460125151135, 'compression_ratio': 1.5376344086021505, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00343883759342134}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 94808, 'start': 955.2, 'end': 966.1600000000001, 'text': ' materials to build three different things, say planes, drones and cars. Now this is all the', 'tokens': [50720, 5319, 281, 1322, 1045, 819, 721, 11, 584, 14952, 11, 23823, 293, 5163, 13, 823, 341, 307, 439, 264, 51268], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11125460125151135, 'compression_ratio': 1.5376344086021505, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00343883759342134}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 94808, 'start': 966.1600000000001, 'end': 972.88, 'text': " knowledge they had. They just didn't find, they just didn't consider it to be important for their", 'tokens': [51268, 3601, 436, 632, 13, 814, 445, 994, 380, 915, 11, 436, 445, 994, 380, 1949, 309, 281, 312, 1021, 337, 641, 51604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11125460125151135, 'compression_ratio': 1.5376344086021505, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00343883759342134}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 97288, 'start': 972.88, 'end': 981.04, 'text': ' strategy. So at this moment we practically abandoned thinking about this part of the map', 'tokens': [50364, 5206, 13, 407, 412, 341, 1623, 321, 15667, 13732, 1953, 466, 341, 644, 295, 264, 4471, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12807265122731526, 'compression_ratio': 1.6024096385542168, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007331072818487883}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 97288, 'start': 981.68, 'end': 989.28, 'text': ' and we have focused on those three areas and we started thinking which of those', 'tokens': [50804, 293, 321, 362, 5178, 322, 729, 1045, 3179, 293, 321, 1409, 1953, 597, 295, 729, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12807265122731526, 'compression_ratio': 1.6024096385542168, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007331072818487883}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 97288, 'start': 990.24, 'end': 1000.16, 'text': ' can grow in the future. And this was the bit which required their research. This was also the end', 'tokens': [51232, 393, 1852, 294, 264, 2027, 13, 400, 341, 390, 264, 857, 597, 4739, 641, 2132, 13, 639, 390, 611, 264, 917, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12807265122731526, 'compression_ratio': 1.6024096385542168, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007331072818487883}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 100016, 'start': 1000.64, 'end': 1008.0799999999999, 'text': ' of the workshop. We have came to the conclusion that if they want to reinvest the money they will', 'tokens': [50388, 295, 264, 13541, 13, 492, 362, 1361, 281, 264, 10063, 300, 498, 436, 528, 281, 6561, 5571, 264, 1460, 436, 486, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11668379410453465, 'compression_ratio': 1.6797752808988764, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026663945987820625}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 100016, 'start': 1008.0799999999999, 'end': 1017.28, 'text': ' get from selling this part of the company. They need to know whether this is any of those components', 'tokens': [50760, 483, 490, 6511, 341, 644, 295, 264, 2237, 13, 814, 643, 281, 458, 1968, 341, 307, 604, 295, 729, 6677, 51220], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11668379410453465, 'compression_ratio': 1.6797752808988764, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026663945987820625}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 100016, 'start': 1017.28, 'end': 1025.04, 'text': ' is worth investing in and every day is how much they want to invest in because literally there is no', 'tokens': [51220, 307, 3163, 10978, 294, 293, 633, 786, 307, 577, 709, 436, 528, 281, 1963, 294, 570, 3736, 456, 307, 572, 51608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11668379410453465, 'compression_ratio': 1.6797752808988764, 'no_speech_prob': 0.026663945987820625}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 102504, 'start': 1025.04, 'end': 1031.6, 'text': ' any other possibility for them to use those money in a rational way. They will have to do small bets', 'tokens': [50364, 604, 661, 7959, 337, 552, 281, 764, 729, 1460, 294, 257, 15090, 636, 13, 814, 486, 362, 281, 360, 1359, 39922, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14662852006800034, 'compression_ratio': 1.5585106382978724, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01219523698091507}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 102504, 'start': 1031.6, 'end': 1041.2, 'text': ' or play or behave like venture capitalists investing into small startups with a great risk', 'tokens': [50692, 420, 862, 420, 15158, 411, 18474, 4238, 1751, 10978, 666, 1359, 28041, 365, 257, 869, 3148, 51172], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14662852006800034, 'compression_ratio': 1.5585106382978724, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01219523698091507}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 102504, 'start': 1041.2, 'end': 1051.28, 'text': " which they weren't really prepared for so they hope there is other way. So a week later we had a call", 'tokens': [51172, 597, 436, 4999, 380, 534, 4927, 337, 370, 436, 1454, 456, 307, 661, 636, 13, 407, 257, 1243, 1780, 321, 632, 257, 818, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14662852006800034, 'compression_ratio': 1.5585106382978724, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01219523698091507}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 105128, 'start': 1051.28, 'end': 1058.8799999999999, 'text': ' to summarize where we have arrived to and what they are going to do. And this is what they have told me', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 20858, 689, 321, 362, 6678, 281, 293, 437, 436, 366, 516, 281, 360, 13, 400, 341, 307, 437, 436, 362, 1907, 385, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09199391092572894, 'compression_ratio': 1.5555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011309443041682243}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 105128, 'start': 1060.72, 'end': 1067.76, 'text': " a week later. It was like this. This market is still small but it's growing rapidly", 'tokens': [50836, 257, 1243, 1780, 13, 467, 390, 411, 341, 13, 639, 2142, 307, 920, 1359, 457, 309, 311, 4194, 12910, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09199391092572894, 'compression_ratio': 1.5555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011309443041682243}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 105128, 'start': 1068.32, 'end': 1075.2, 'text': ' and it will be good for us to get in it. This market because of the electric cars resolution', 'tokens': [51216, 293, 309, 486, 312, 665, 337, 505, 281, 483, 294, 309, 13, 639, 2142, 570, 295, 264, 5210, 5163, 8669, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09199391092572894, 'compression_ratio': 1.5555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011309443041682243}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 107520, 'start': 1076.16, 'end': 1085.44, 'text': ' also seems to be growing and why because metal bodies for cars are heavy and heavy cars require a lot of energy.', 'tokens': [50412, 611, 2544, 281, 312, 4194, 293, 983, 570, 5760, 7510, 337, 5163, 366, 4676, 293, 4676, 5163, 3651, 257, 688, 295, 2281, 13, 50876], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21014580045427594, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634517766497462, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0117654362693429}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 107520, 'start': 1086.0800000000002, 'end': 1094.8, 'text': ' So car manufacturers will pay almost any price for a way to lower the weight of a car. So actually', 'tokens': [50908, 407, 1032, 18455, 486, 1689, 1920, 604, 3218, 337, 257, 636, 281, 3126, 264, 3364, 295, 257, 1032, 13, 407, 767, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21014580045427594, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634517766497462, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0117654362693429}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 107520, 'start': 1095.28, 'end': 1102.56, 'text': ' providing monocoque bodies to those providers could be an extremely lucrative business. And this', 'tokens': [51368, 6530, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 281, 729, 11330, 727, 312, 364, 4664, 21296, 30457, 1606, 13, 400, 341, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21014580045427594, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634517766497462, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0117654362693429}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 110256, 'start': 1102.6399999999999, 'end': 1113.9199999999998, 'text': " market it can be so big that it's worth for us to enter this space. So we consider it to be a direction", 'tokens': [50368, 2142, 309, 393, 312, 370, 955, 300, 309, 311, 3163, 337, 505, 281, 3242, 341, 1901, 13, 407, 321, 1949, 309, 281, 312, 257, 3513, 50932], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12845948338508606, 'compression_ratio': 1.6125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00324670085683465}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 110256, 'start': 1114.6399999999999, 'end': 1121.2, 'text': ' and the direction was that they are going to sell this part of the company and they are going to invest', 'tokens': [50968, 293, 264, 3513, 390, 300, 436, 366, 516, 281, 3607, 341, 644, 295, 264, 2237, 293, 436, 366, 516, 281, 1963, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12845948338508606, 'compression_ratio': 1.6125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00324670085683465}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 110256, 'start': 1121.76, 'end': 1126.0, 'text': ' everything in the monocoque bodies production. Now', 'tokens': [51324, 1203, 294, 264, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 4265, 13, 823, 51536], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12845948338508606, 'compression_ratio': 1.6125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00324670085683465}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 112600, 'start': 1126.48, 'end': 1131.36, 'text': " I don't like running workshops in which the conclusion is", 'tokens': [50388, 286, 500, 380, 411, 2614, 19162, 294, 597, 264, 10063, 307, 50632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3504365702144435, 'compression_ratio': 1.5909090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011076182126998901}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 112600, 'start': 1133.92, 'end': 1146.4, 'text': ' of this caliber because I was the the map would tell those the map would tell those people that they need to sell the company and invest everything', 'tokens': [50760, 295, 341, 41946, 570, 286, 390, 264, 264, 4471, 576, 980, 729, 264, 4471, 576, 980, 729, 561, 300, 436, 643, 281, 3607, 264, 2237, 293, 1963, 1203, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3504365702144435, 'compression_ratio': 1.5909090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011076182126998901}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 112600, 'start': 1146.72, 'end': 1153.84, 'text': ' they have into this new business. This actually was a little bit difficult', 'tokens': [51400, 436, 362, 666, 341, 777, 1606, 13, 639, 767, 390, 257, 707, 857, 2252, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3504365702144435, 'compression_ratio': 1.5909090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011076182126998901}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 115384, 'start': 1154.1599999999999, 'end': 1160.32, 'text': " and I wasn't comfortable with this decision. I think neither were they. So what we have started to do", 'tokens': [50380, 293, 286, 2067, 380, 4619, 365, 341, 3537, 13, 286, 519, 9662, 645, 436, 13, 407, 437, 321, 362, 1409, 281, 360, 50688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25281557925911835, 'compression_ratio': 1.6742081447963801, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014434742741286755}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 115384, 'start': 1160.72, 'end': 1167.12, 'text': ' we started to looking into more details in terms of how the sale of the company could look like', 'tokens': [50708, 321, 1409, 281, 1237, 666, 544, 4365, 294, 2115, 295, 577, 264, 8680, 295, 264, 2237, 727, 574, 411, 51028], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25281557925911835, 'compression_ratio': 1.6742081447963801, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014434742741286755}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 115384, 'start': 1168.08, 'end': 1174.8, 'text': ' and how the entering this new market can look like. And I think those were the two most important', 'tokens': [51076, 293, 577, 264, 11104, 341, 777, 2142, 393, 574, 411, 13, 400, 286, 519, 729, 645, 264, 732, 881, 1021, 51412], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25281557925911835, 'compression_ratio': 1.6742081447963801, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014434742741286755}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 115384, 'start': 1175.52, 'end': 1180.6399999999999, 'text': " exercises that we did during one phone call and frankly we didn't get much", 'tokens': [51448, 11900, 300, 321, 630, 1830, 472, 2593, 818, 293, 11939, 321, 994, 380, 483, 709, 51704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25281557925911835, 'compression_ratio': 1.6742081447963801, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014434742741286755}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 118064, 'start': 1181.3600000000001, 'end': 1186.8000000000002, 'text': " plenty of maps because there wasn't a lot of things to map but rather there were actions that they needed to take.", 'tokens': [50400, 7140, 295, 11317, 570, 456, 2067, 380, 257, 688, 295, 721, 281, 4471, 457, 2831, 456, 645, 5909, 300, 436, 2978, 281, 747, 13, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2740814685821533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7853403141361257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013858940452337265}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 118064, 'start': 1187.44, 'end': 1194.24, 'text': ' So we have translated this map into the following set of actions. They need to separate Kevlar production', 'tokens': [50704, 407, 321, 362, 16805, 341, 4471, 666, 264, 3480, 992, 295, 5909, 13, 814, 643, 281, 4994, 3189, 85, 2200, 4265, 51044], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2740814685821533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7853403141361257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013858940452337265}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 118064, 'start': 1195.1200000000001, 'end': 1204.5600000000002, 'text': ' because it is being used by both line by clothes and by monocoque bodies. So they need to separate the Kevlar production', 'tokens': [51088, 570, 309, 307, 885, 1143, 538, 1293, 1622, 538, 5534, 293, 538, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 13, 407, 436, 643, 281, 4994, 264, 3189, 85, 2200, 4265, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2740814685821533, 'compression_ratio': 1.7853403141361257, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013858940452337265}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 120456, 'start': 1204.6399999999999, 'end': 1214.48, 'text': ' start due diligence because they want to sell the company but due diligence process takes three to six months. So they will have plenty of time', 'tokens': [50368, 722, 3462, 40046, 570, 436, 528, 281, 3607, 264, 2237, 457, 3462, 40046, 1399, 2516, 1045, 281, 2309, 2493, 13, 407, 436, 486, 362, 7140, 295, 565, 50860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2531704163887131, 'compression_ratio': 1.6446700507614214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005712919868528843}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 120456, 'start': 1215.36, 'end': 1220.48, 'text': ' and the next group of actions was what do we know about monocoque bodies?', 'tokens': [50904, 293, 264, 958, 1594, 295, 5909, 390, 437, 360, 321, 458, 466, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 30, 51160], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2531704163887131, 'compression_ratio': 1.6446700507614214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005712919868528843}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 120456, 'start': 1221.52, 'end': 1227.6799999999998, 'text': ' And this was a pretty interesting exercise because they have figured out they know something but not a lot', 'tokens': [51212, 400, 341, 390, 257, 1238, 1880, 5380, 570, 436, 362, 8932, 484, 436, 458, 746, 457, 406, 257, 688, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2531704163887131, 'compression_ratio': 1.6446700507614214, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005712919868528843}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 122768, 'start': 1228.4, 'end': 1234.4, 'text': ' and they need to hire designers, attend some fairs to build relationship with car manufacturers.', 'tokens': [50400, 293, 436, 643, 281, 11158, 16196, 11, 6888, 512, 3143, 82, 281, 1322, 2480, 365, 1032, 18455, 13, 50700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36088517424348115, 'compression_ratio': 1.6634146341463414, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022561782971024513}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 122768, 'start': 1234.88, 'end': 1240.88, 'text': ' They need to invest a lot in marketing, build relationships with producers and repeating myself', 'tokens': [50724, 814, 643, 281, 1963, 257, 688, 294, 6370, 11, 1322, 6159, 365, 16080, 293, 18617, 2059, 51024], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36088517424348115, 'compression_ratio': 1.6634146341463414, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022561782971024513}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 122768, 'start': 1241.6000000000001, 'end': 1250.4, 'text': " and help the producers to embrace monocoque bodies. And why I'm saying this? I'm saying this because this market", 'tokens': [51060, 293, 854, 264, 16080, 281, 14038, 1108, 11198, 1077, 7510, 13, 400, 983, 286, 478, 1566, 341, 30, 286, 478, 1566, 341, 570, 341, 2142, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36088517424348115, 'compression_ratio': 1.6634146341463414, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022561782971024513}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 122768, 'start': 1251.28, 'end': 1254.5600000000002, 'text': ' was about to grow for this company.', 'tokens': [51544, 390, 466, 281, 1852, 337, 341, 2237, 13, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36088517424348115, 'compression_ratio': 1.6634146341463414, 'no_speech_prob': 0.022561782971024513}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 125456, 'start': 1255.36, 'end': 1263.36, 'text': ' So it was in this company interest to educate everyone here what are the benefits of using this niche technology', 'tokens': [50404, 407, 309, 390, 294, 341, 2237, 1179, 281, 16092, 1518, 510, 437, 366, 264, 5311, 295, 1228, 341, 19956, 2899, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3213212910820456, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067415730337078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009675701148808002}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 125456, 'start': 1264.32, 'end': 1267.84, 'text': ' and why everyone should be adopting it as soon as possible.', 'tokens': [50852, 293, 983, 1518, 820, 312, 32328, 309, 382, 2321, 382, 1944, 13, 51028], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3213212910820456, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067415730337078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009675701148808002}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 125456, 'start': 1270.32, 'end': 1279.04, 'text': ' And this was the end of the present, the end of the workshop, the end of the I think first phone call. So we have', 'tokens': [51152, 400, 341, 390, 264, 917, 295, 264, 1974, 11, 264, 917, 295, 264, 13541, 11, 264, 917, 295, 264, 286, 519, 700, 2593, 818, 13, 407, 321, 362, 51588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3213212910820456, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067415730337078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009675701148808002}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 127904, 'start': 1279.28, 'end': 1287.76, 'text': ' through the use of world day mapping, we have overcome the analysis paralysis in which they were stuck for like two years.', 'tokens': [50376, 807, 264, 764, 295, 1002, 786, 18350, 11, 321, 362, 10473, 264, 5215, 49507, 294, 597, 436, 645, 5541, 337, 411, 732, 924, 13, 50800], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36770788828531903, 'compression_ratio': 1.502857142857143, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021492252126336098}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 127904, 'start': 1289.04, 'end': 1295.04, 'text': ' What was really interesting for me was the feedback that I got after the workshop', 'tokens': [50864, 708, 390, 534, 1880, 337, 385, 390, 264, 5824, 300, 286, 658, 934, 264, 13541, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36770788828531903, 'compression_ratio': 1.502857142857143, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021492252126336098}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 127904, 'start': 1295.84, 'end': 1300.6399999999999, 'text': ' because it varied a lot and I think it was very favorable.', 'tokens': [51204, 570, 309, 22877, 257, 688, 293, 286, 519, 309, 390, 588, 29557, 13, 51444], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36770788828531903, 'compression_ratio': 1.502857142857143, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021492252126336098}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 130064, 'start': 1301.3600000000001, 'end': 1306.16, 'text': ' The first person said I have learned a lot about my company.', 'tokens': [50400, 440, 700, 954, 848, 286, 362, 3264, 257, 688, 466, 452, 2237, 13, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.6228953516760538, 'compression_ratio': 1.7695852534562213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041283201426267624}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 130064, 'start': 1306.96, 'end': 1313.44, 'text': ' The background here is that this was like the most senior technician in the company.', 'tokens': [50680, 440, 3678, 510, 307, 300, 341, 390, 411, 264, 881, 7965, 38247, 294, 264, 2237, 13, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.6228953516760538, 'compression_ratio': 1.7695852534562213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041283201426267624}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 130064, 'start': 1313.76, 'end': 1320.96, 'text': ' He knew a lot about processes, about technology, about customers, but had no idea about what are the strategic challenges of the company.', 'tokens': [51020, 634, 2586, 257, 688, 466, 7555, 11, 466, 2899, 11, 466, 4581, 11, 457, 632, 572, 1558, 466, 437, 366, 264, 10924, 4759, 295, 264, 2237, 13, 51380], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.6228953516760538, 'compression_ratio': 1.7695852534562213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041283201426267624}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 130064, 'start': 1322.4, 'end': 1328.4, 'text': ' The CEO of the company said that he was not a professional engineer, he was a professional engineer.', 'tokens': [51452, 440, 9282, 295, 264, 2237, 848, 300, 415, 390, 406, 257, 4843, 11403, 11, 415, 390, 257, 4843, 11403, 13, 51752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.6228953516760538, 'compression_ratio': 1.7695852534562213, 'no_speech_prob': 0.041283201426267624}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 132840, 'start': 1329.3600000000001, 'end': 1337.3600000000001, 'text': ' The CEO told me something like this, we knew all of this, we expected a strategic breakthrough.', 'tokens': [50412, 440, 9282, 1907, 385, 746, 411, 341, 11, 321, 2586, 439, 295, 341, 11, 321, 5176, 257, 10924, 22397, 13, 50812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24063050901734984, 'compression_ratio': 1.5658536585365854, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002774561522528529}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 132840, 'start': 1338.8000000000002, 'end': 1345.92, 'text': " And I have to admit I'm kind of guilty of inducing a similar thinking in a lot of people,", 'tokens': [50884, 400, 286, 362, 281, 9796, 286, 478, 733, 295, 12341, 295, 13716, 2175, 257, 2531, 1953, 294, 257, 688, 295, 561, 11, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24063050901734984, 'compression_ratio': 1.5658536585365854, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002774561522528529}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 132840, 'start': 1346.4, 'end': 1349.68, 'text': ' especially when I was starting my adventure with world day mapping.', 'tokens': [51264, 2318, 562, 286, 390, 2891, 452, 9868, 365, 1002, 786, 18350, 13, 51428], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24063050901734984, 'compression_ratio': 1.5658536585365854, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002774561522528529}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 132840, 'start': 1350.16, 'end': 1356.64, 'text': ' I thought that world day maps have a lot of strategic insights into', 'tokens': [51452, 286, 1194, 300, 1002, 786, 11317, 362, 257, 688, 295, 10924, 14310, 666, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24063050901734984, 'compression_ratio': 1.5658536585365854, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002774561522528529}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 135664, 'start': 1357.6000000000001, 'end': 1362.96, 'text': ' and to corporate gameplays. So if you apply a world day mapping', 'tokens': [50412, 293, 281, 10896, 11421, 82, 13, 407, 498, 291, 3079, 257, 1002, 786, 18350, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2881089528401693, 'compression_ratio': 1.4293478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006550799589604139}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 135664, 'start': 1363.8400000000001, 'end': 1371.3600000000001, 'text': ' to any scenario, you can figure out some expert strategy moves which were otherwise unthinkable.', 'tokens': [50724, 281, 604, 9005, 11, 291, 393, 2573, 484, 512, 5844, 5206, 6067, 597, 645, 5911, 517, 21074, 712, 13, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2881089528401693, 'compression_ratio': 1.4293478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006550799589604139}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 135664, 'start': 1372.0800000000002, 'end': 1379.6000000000001, 'text': " And this actually called me out because they were deadly right. I haven't introduced any new knowledge", 'tokens': [51136, 400, 341, 767, 1219, 385, 484, 570, 436, 645, 18232, 558, 13, 286, 2378, 380, 7268, 604, 777, 3601, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2881089528401693, 'compression_ratio': 1.4293478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006550799589604139}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 137960, 'start': 1380.56, 'end': 1391.1999999999998, 'text': ' to the company except for world day mapping, but through a very, I would say, rigorous process of mapping we have discovered', 'tokens': [50412, 281, 264, 2237, 3993, 337, 1002, 786, 18350, 11, 457, 807, 257, 588, 11, 286, 576, 584, 11, 29882, 1399, 295, 18350, 321, 362, 6941, 50944], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17747790673199823, 'compression_ratio': 1.5544041450777202, 'no_speech_prob': 0.033037420362234116}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 137960, 'start': 1392.3999999999999, 'end': 1396.08, 'text': " what's going to happen with their business and where do they have opportunities.", 'tokens': [51004, 437, 311, 516, 281, 1051, 365, 641, 1606, 293, 689, 360, 436, 362, 4786, 13, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17747790673199823, 'compression_ratio': 1.5544041450777202, 'no_speech_prob': 0.033037420362234116}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 137960, 'start': 1397.9199999999998, 'end': 1406.48, 'text': ' And the last category of feedback, it was more like this, it was more discussing those things.', 'tokens': [51280, 400, 264, 1036, 7719, 295, 5824, 11, 309, 390, 544, 411, 341, 11, 309, 390, 544, 10850, 729, 721, 13, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17747790673199823, 'compression_ratio': 1.5544041450777202, 'no_speech_prob': 0.033037420362234116}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 140648, 'start': 1406.56, 'end': 1413.1200000000001, 'text': " It's always good to spend time on it. And it was this piece of feedback was delivered by the", 'tokens': [50368, 467, 311, 1009, 665, 281, 3496, 565, 322, 309, 13, 400, 309, 390, 341, 2522, 295, 5824, 390, 10144, 538, 264, 50696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.219615176320076, 'compression_ratio': 1.5268817204301075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.037519704550504684}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 140648, 'start': 1413.1200000000001, 'end': 1424.16, 'text': ' Chief Financial Officer, which I found in the beginning very difficult to do it because this person was stuck.', 'tokens': [50696, 10068, 25560, 15434, 11, 597, 286, 1352, 294, 264, 2863, 588, 2252, 281, 360, 309, 570, 341, 954, 390, 5541, 13, 51248], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.219615176320076, 'compression_ratio': 1.5268817204301075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.037519704550504684}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 140648, 'start': 1425.6, 'end': 1432.32, 'text': ' This person was stuck with selling this particular part of business with profit.', 'tokens': [51320, 639, 954, 390, 5541, 365, 6511, 341, 1729, 644, 295, 1606, 365, 7475, 13, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.219615176320076, 'compression_ratio': 1.5268817204301075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.037519704550504684}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 143232, 'start': 1433.28, 'end': 1441.04, 'text': " Actually, today when I think about it, what we've got, we've got a group of people so fixated", 'tokens': [50412, 5135, 11, 965, 562, 286, 519, 466, 309, 11, 437, 321, 600, 658, 11, 321, 600, 658, 257, 1594, 295, 561, 370, 3191, 770, 50800], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26877431727167383, 'compression_ratio': 1.4636871508379887, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010833527892827988}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 143232, 'start': 1441.6, 'end': 1451.2, 'text': " on a small fraction of the entire landscape that they didn't even try to analyze the big picture", 'tokens': [50828, 322, 257, 1359, 14135, 295, 264, 2302, 9661, 300, 436, 994, 380, 754, 853, 281, 12477, 264, 955, 3036, 51308], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26877431727167383, 'compression_ratio': 1.4636871508379887, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010833527892827988}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 143232, 'start': 1451.2, 'end': 1457.6, 'text': ' and figure out if we cannot play here, where else we should be playing.', 'tokens': [51308, 293, 2573, 484, 498, 321, 2644, 862, 510, 11, 689, 1646, 321, 820, 312, 2433, 13, 51628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26877431727167383, 'compression_ratio': 1.4636871508379887, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010833527892827988}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 145760, 'start': 1458.56, 'end': 1468.32, 'text': ' So to summarize this engagement, it all started with an entry point. The company was already in the process of making a decision,', 'tokens': [50412, 407, 281, 20858, 341, 8742, 11, 309, 439, 1409, 365, 364, 8729, 935, 13, 440, 2237, 390, 1217, 294, 264, 1399, 295, 1455, 257, 3537, 11, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3205224061623598, 'compression_ratio': 1.5695652173913044, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024167612195014954}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 145760, 'start': 1468.8799999999999, 'end': 1477.04, 'text': ' but they were stuck because of multiple resets and fear of failure, which was perfectly understandable.', 'tokens': [50928, 457, 436, 645, 5541, 570, 295, 3866, 725, 1385, 293, 4240, 295, 7763, 11, 597, 390, 6239, 25648, 13, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3205224061623598, 'compression_ratio': 1.5695652173913044, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024167612195014954}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 145760, 'start': 1477.6, 'end': 1486.48, 'text': ' What we have done, we have analyzed one by one their scenarios. They were considering as plausible and we have eliminated them.', 'tokens': [51364, 708, 321, 362, 1096, 11, 321, 362, 28181, 472, 538, 472, 641, 15077, 13, 814, 645, 8079, 382, 39925, 293, 321, 362, 20308, 552, 13, 51808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3205224061623598, 'compression_ratio': 1.5695652173913044, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024167612195014954}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 148648, 'start': 1487.44, 'end': 1494.96, 'text': " Then we have evaluated how the environment looks like. So it's actually going backwards in terms of what world they might be in.", 'tokens': [50412, 1396, 321, 362, 25509, 577, 264, 2823, 1542, 411, 13, 407, 309, 311, 767, 516, 12204, 294, 2115, 295, 437, 1002, 436, 1062, 312, 294, 13, 50788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3095086763982903, 'compression_ratio': 1.6512820512820512, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004832301754504442}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 148648, 'start': 1494.96, 'end': 1501.3600000000001, 'text': ' But we have evaluated the environment and we have found a few opportunities in the environment.', 'tokens': [50788, 583, 321, 362, 25509, 264, 2823, 293, 321, 362, 1352, 257, 1326, 4786, 294, 264, 2823, 13, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3095086763982903, 'compression_ratio': 1.6512820512820512, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004832301754504442}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 148648, 'start': 1502.16, 'end': 1510.0, 'text': ' And at the end, we have created very small, not experiments, but actions which were safe to fail.', 'tokens': [51148, 400, 412, 264, 917, 11, 321, 362, 2942, 588, 1359, 11, 406, 12050, 11, 457, 5909, 597, 645, 3273, 281, 3061, 13, 51540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3095086763982903, 'compression_ratio': 1.6512820512820512, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004832301754504442}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 151000, 'start': 1510.72, 'end': 1520.4, 'text': " They didn't have to sell the company to embrace this new business, but when they have figured out,", 'tokens': [50400, 814, 994, 380, 362, 281, 3607, 264, 2237, 281, 14038, 341, 777, 1606, 11, 457, 562, 436, 362, 8932, 484, 11, 50884], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22740603164887765, 'compression_ratio': 1.6157894736842104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11867253482341766}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 151000, 'start': 1522.16, 'end': 1531.04, 'text': ' they could sell the company exactly when they were expected to build enough of knowledge about those new opportunities.', 'tokens': [50972, 436, 727, 3607, 264, 2237, 2293, 562, 436, 645, 5176, 281, 1322, 1547, 295, 3601, 466, 729, 777, 4786, 13, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22740603164887765, 'compression_ratio': 1.6157894736842104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11867253482341766}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 151000, 'start': 1532.72, 'end': 1538.72, 'text': ' And a year later, they have told me that they went with the plan and it was a good plan,', 'tokens': [51500, 400, 257, 1064, 1780, 11, 436, 362, 1907, 385, 300, 436, 1437, 365, 264, 1393, 293, 309, 390, 257, 665, 1393, 11, 51800], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22740603164887765, 'compression_ratio': 1.6157894736842104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11867253482341766}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 153872, 'start': 1538.8, 'end': 1547.52, 'text': ' which made up for all those comments and I actually find it to be a good work.', 'tokens': [50368, 597, 1027, 493, 337, 439, 729, 3053, 293, 286, 767, 915, 309, 281, 312, 257, 665, 589, 13, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1823857307434082, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008549037389457226}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 153872, 'start': 1548.32, 'end': 1555.3600000000001, 'text': ' This is all what I have prepared for today. Any questions, comments, thoughts?', 'tokens': [50844, 639, 307, 439, 437, 286, 362, 4927, 337, 965, 13, 2639, 1651, 11, 3053, 11, 4598, 30, 51196], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1823857307434082, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008549037389457226}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 153872, 'start': 1556.4, 'end': 1566.4, 'text': " I mean, when I think about this presentation, about this engagement, I'm not sure what are your experiences in this particular space,", 'tokens': [51248, 286, 914, 11, 562, 286, 519, 466, 341, 5860, 11, 466, 341, 8742, 11, 286, 478, 406, 988, 437, 366, 428, 5235, 294, 341, 1729, 1901, 11, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1823857307434082, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008549037389457226}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 156640, 'start': 1566.48, 'end': 1577.68, 'text': ' but mine are that I actually faced two kinds of customers. There are people who are strongly with the decision and they', 'tokens': [50368, 457, 3892, 366, 300, 286, 767, 11446, 732, 3685, 295, 4581, 13, 821, 366, 561, 567, 366, 10613, 365, 264, 3537, 293, 436, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22395783883553963, 'compression_ratio': 1.4698795180722892, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006639163009822369}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 156640, 'start': 1578.8000000000002, 'end': 1589.76, 'text': ' have evaluated all the micro scenarios of what may happen, or almost all. We already have any new knowledge to those people.', 'tokens': [50984, 362, 25509, 439, 264, 4532, 15077, 295, 437, 815, 1051, 11, 420, 1920, 439, 13, 492, 1217, 362, 604, 777, 3601, 281, 729, 561, 13, 51532], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22395783883553963, 'compression_ratio': 1.4698795180722892, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006639163009822369}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 158976, 'start': 1590.24, 'end': 1597.12, 'text': ' We rather structure them. We rather structure the discussion so they can build a short understanding.', 'tokens': [50388, 492, 2831, 3877, 552, 13, 492, 2831, 3877, 264, 5017, 370, 436, 393, 1322, 257, 2099, 3701, 13, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25325297002923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5833333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03199227899312973}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 158976, 'start': 1597.92, 'end': 1605.12, 'text': " And the other group is that are people who aren't actually willing to embrace more name mapping.", 'tokens': [50772, 400, 264, 661, 1594, 307, 300, 366, 561, 567, 3212, 380, 767, 4950, 281, 14038, 544, 1315, 18350, 13, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25325297002923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5833333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03199227899312973}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 158976, 'start': 1605.12, 'end': 1615.04, 'text': ' They just want to jump into action, as Eric was describing. And that group, I find a little bit more difficult to deal with.', 'tokens': [51132, 814, 445, 528, 281, 3012, 666, 3069, 11, 382, 9336, 390, 16141, 13, 400, 300, 1594, 11, 286, 915, 257, 707, 857, 544, 2252, 281, 2028, 365, 13, 51628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25325297002923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5833333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03199227899312973}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 161504, 'start': 1616.0, 'end': 1625.76, 'text': " Yeah. Okay, how would I approach this again? That's a really good question. I mean, I would expand. I would build the landscape first.", 'tokens': [50412, 865, 13, 1033, 11, 577, 576, 286, 3109, 341, 797, 30, 663, 311, 257, 534, 665, 1168, 13, 286, 914, 11, 286, 576, 5268, 13, 286, 576, 1322, 264, 9661, 700, 13, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19732720174907167, 'compression_ratio': 1.5169082125603865, 'no_speech_prob': 0.028631111606955528}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 161504, 'start': 1626.72, 'end': 1634.0, 'text': ' Because what they did and what I fell for was this focus on sell or not to sell.', 'tokens': [50948, 1436, 437, 436, 630, 293, 437, 286, 5696, 337, 390, 341, 1879, 322, 3607, 420, 406, 281, 3607, 13, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19732720174907167, 'compression_ratio': 1.5169082125603865, 'no_speech_prob': 0.028631111606955528}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 161504, 'start': 1634.8799999999999, 'end': 1644.72, 'text': ' And this was a mistake on my side. Because as I have learned later, they had not just one business', 'tokens': [51356, 400, 341, 390, 257, 6146, 322, 452, 1252, 13, 1436, 382, 286, 362, 3264, 1780, 11, 436, 632, 406, 445, 472, 1606, 51848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19732720174907167, 'compression_ratio': 1.5169082125603865, 'no_speech_prob': 0.028631111606955528}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 164472, 'start': 1644.8, 'end': 1654.0, 'text': ' line, but a couple of them. And they could reuse money from selling one line in other spaces. But it was the question of finding out', 'tokens': [50368, 1622, 11, 457, 257, 1916, 295, 552, 13, 400, 436, 727, 26225, 1460, 490, 6511, 472, 1622, 294, 661, 7673, 13, 583, 309, 390, 264, 1168, 295, 5006, 484, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13290431651663273, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233183856502242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005362166091799736}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 164472, 'start': 1654.32, 'end': 1657.04, 'text': ' which of those other business lines is worth investing in.', 'tokens': [50844, 597, 295, 729, 661, 1606, 3876, 307, 3163, 10978, 294, 13, 50980], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13290431651663273, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233183856502242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005362166091799736}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 164472, 'start': 1658.96, 'end': 1666.16, 'text': " Rick, your comment is very much on spot. I wasn't able to put it in that way, but you are right.", 'tokens': [51076, 11224, 11, 428, 2871, 307, 588, 709, 322, 4008, 13, 286, 2067, 380, 1075, 281, 829, 309, 294, 300, 636, 11, 457, 291, 366, 558, 13, 51436], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13290431651663273, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233183856502242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005362166091799736}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 164472, 'start': 1666.72, 'end': 1671.28, 'text': " It was a change of mindset from sell, don't sell to what are our options.", 'tokens': [51464, 467, 390, 257, 1319, 295, 12543, 490, 3607, 11, 500, 380, 3607, 281, 437, 366, 527, 3956, 13, 51692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13290431651663273, 'compression_ratio': 1.6233183856502242, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005362166091799736}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 167128, 'start': 1671.52, 'end': 1673.52, 'text': ' This is so good that I will write it down.', 'tokens': [50376, 639, 307, 370, 665, 300, 286, 486, 2464, 309, 760, 13, 50476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2888461338000351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5775862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005618943367153406}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 167128, 'start': 1674.6399999999999, 'end': 1681.84, 'text': " I have a few other projects where I put mindset in the position, do or don't instead of what are our options.", 'tokens': [50532, 286, 362, 257, 1326, 661, 4455, 689, 286, 829, 12543, 294, 264, 2535, 11, 360, 420, 500, 380, 2602, 295, 437, 366, 527, 3956, 13, 50892], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2888461338000351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5775862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005618943367153406}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 167128, 'start': 1683.04, 'end': 1690.08, 'text': ' Thank you. And Rick, I could build up on that because later, much later,', 'tokens': [50952, 1044, 291, 13, 400, 11224, 11, 286, 727, 1322, 493, 322, 300, 570, 1780, 11, 709, 1780, 11, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2888461338000351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5775862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005618943367153406}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 167128, 'start': 1691.28, 'end': 1699.52, 'text': ' when I was running remote workshops, because this was done in person, we have actually started applying this approach to evaluating options.', 'tokens': [51364, 562, 286, 390, 2614, 8607, 19162, 11, 570, 341, 390, 1096, 294, 954, 11, 321, 362, 767, 1409, 9275, 341, 3109, 281, 27479, 3956, 13, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2888461338000351, 'compression_ratio': 1.5775862068965518, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005618943367153406}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 169952, 'start': 1700.48, 'end': 1709.12, 'text': " And this is, I mean, and again, this is a name that I probably shouldn't be using too loudly, but I'm pretty much influenced by Nassim Talib", 'tokens': [50412, 400, 341, 307, 11, 286, 914, 11, 293, 797, 11, 341, 307, 257, 1315, 300, 286, 1391, 4659, 380, 312, 1228, 886, 22958, 11, 457, 286, 478, 1238, 709, 15269, 538, 426, 640, 332, 10516, 897, 50844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.287528659986413, 'compression_ratio': 1.5349794238683128, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00978933461010456}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 169952, 'start': 1709.52, 'end': 1715.12, 'text': ' antifragility. And this is where we start with mapping the situation as it is right now.', 'tokens': [50864, 2511, 351, 3731, 1140, 13, 400, 341, 307, 689, 321, 722, 365, 18350, 264, 2590, 382, 309, 307, 558, 586, 13, 51144], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.287528659986413, 'compression_ratio': 1.5349794238683128, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00978933461010456}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 169952, 'start': 1715.76, 'end': 1725.76, 'text': ' And we try to essentially place those options, which are inexpensive in execution, but will either reveal us a lot of knowledge about the field', 'tokens': [51176, 400, 321, 853, 281, 4476, 1081, 729, 3956, 11, 597, 366, 28382, 294, 15058, 11, 457, 486, 2139, 10658, 505, 257, 688, 295, 3601, 466, 264, 2519, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.287528659986413, 'compression_ratio': 1.5349794238683128, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00978933461010456}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 172576, 'start': 1726.0, 'end': 1731.36, 'text': ' or perhaps promise some results. But if they fail, nothing really happens.', 'tokens': [50376, 420, 4317, 6228, 512, 3542, 13, 583, 498, 436, 3061, 11, 1825, 534, 2314, 13, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3146538791886295, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05329623073339462}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 172576, 'start': 1731.36, 'end': 1733.36, 'text': ' Nish, thank you for your kind words.', 'tokens': [50644, 426, 742, 11, 1309, 291, 337, 428, 733, 2283, 13, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3146538791886295, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05329623073339462}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 172576, 'start': 1735.36, 'end': 1741.76, 'text': " So I'm cheating a little bit because what you are seeing are maps prepared for the presentation.", 'tokens': [50844, 407, 286, 478, 18309, 257, 707, 857, 570, 437, 291, 366, 2577, 366, 11317, 4927, 337, 264, 5860, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3146538791886295, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05329623073339462}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 172576, 'start': 1743.12, 'end': 1747.68, 'text': " My work maps, they aren't so pretty. John, am I philosophical?", 'tokens': [51232, 1222, 589, 11317, 11, 436, 3212, 380, 370, 1238, 13, 2619, 11, 669, 286, 25066, 30, 51460], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3146538791886295, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05329623073339462}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 172576, 'start': 1748.8799999999999, 'end': 1752.64, 'text': ' No, I almost forgot my question or my reflection.', 'tokens': [51520, 883, 11, 286, 1920, 5298, 452, 1168, 420, 452, 12914, 13, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3146538791886295, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05329623073339462}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1753.3600000000001, 'end': 1756.3200000000002, 'text': ' But I think you mentioned the', 'tokens': [50400, 583, 286, 519, 291, 2835, 264, 50548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1758.0, 'end': 1760.4, 'text': ' how to get those action oriented people', 'tokens': [50632, 577, 281, 483, 729, 3069, 21841, 561, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1761.6000000000001, 'end': 1763.6000000000001, 'text': " on board that maybe that's harder.", 'tokens': [50812, 322, 3150, 300, 1310, 300, 311, 6081, 13, 50912], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1764.0, 'end': 1768.48, 'text': ' I share that observation. I mean, if you get those people who', 'tokens': [50932, 286, 2073, 300, 14816, 13, 286, 914, 11, 498, 291, 483, 729, 561, 567, 51156], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1769.6000000000001, 'end': 1773.2800000000002, 'text': ' have the model in their brain, if you get them sort of on your side,', 'tokens': [51212, 362, 264, 2316, 294, 641, 3567, 11, 498, 291, 483, 552, 1333, 295, 322, 428, 1252, 11, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1773.8400000000001, 'end': 1776.48, 'text': " that's really, really important because then", 'tokens': [51424, 300, 311, 534, 11, 534, 1021, 570, 550, 51556], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 175264, 'start': 1777.2800000000002, 'end': 1779.5200000000002, 'text': ' your map will be so much better.', 'tokens': [51596, 428, 4471, 486, 312, 370, 709, 1101, 13, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19384050369262695, 'compression_ratio': 1.6827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008897682651877403}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 177952, 'start': 1780.24, 'end': 1784.16, 'text': ' Because some people have this intuitive capability of', 'tokens': [50400, 1436, 512, 561, 362, 341, 21769, 13759, 295, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14387575108954248, 'compression_ratio': 1.663716814159292, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005696711130440235}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 177952, 'start': 1785.12, 'end': 1787.92, 'text': " map things in their head, but they don't", 'tokens': [50644, 4471, 721, 294, 641, 1378, 11, 457, 436, 500, 380, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14387575108954248, 'compression_ratio': 1.663716814159292, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005696711130440235}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 177952, 'start': 1789.12, 'end': 1791.68, 'text': " they're not always so good at communicating it.", 'tokens': [50844, 436, 434, 406, 1009, 370, 665, 412, 17559, 309, 13, 50972], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14387575108954248, 'compression_ratio': 1.663716814159292, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005696711130440235}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 177952, 'start': 1792.0, 'end': 1797.76, 'text': ' But if you if you can get them sort of on your side and you get them to realize that, hey, this is really good stuff,', 'tokens': [50988, 583, 498, 291, 498, 291, 393, 483, 552, 1333, 295, 322, 428, 1252, 293, 291, 483, 552, 281, 4325, 300, 11, 4177, 11, 341, 307, 534, 665, 1507, 11, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14387575108954248, 'compression_ratio': 1.663716814159292, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005696711130440235}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 177952, 'start': 1798.72, 'end': 1805.36, 'text': ' then the whole exercise will be so much easier and that will make it easier to get those skeptics on board as well.', 'tokens': [51324, 550, 264, 1379, 5380, 486, 312, 370, 709, 3571, 293, 300, 486, 652, 309, 3571, 281, 483, 729, 19128, 1167, 322, 3150, 382, 731, 13, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14387575108954248, 'compression_ratio': 1.663716814159292, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005696711130440235}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1805.76, 'end': 1809.04, 'text': ' Because you get to something which feels real', 'tokens': [50384, 1436, 291, 483, 281, 746, 597, 3417, 957, 50548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1809.84, 'end': 1811.52, 'text': ' because it is real', 'tokens': [50588, 570, 309, 307, 957, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1811.52, 'end': 1815.4399999999998, 'text': ' because the domain experts are doing the job for you, so to speak.', 'tokens': [50672, 570, 264, 9274, 8572, 366, 884, 264, 1691, 337, 291, 11, 370, 281, 1710, 13, 50868], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1817.12, 'end': 1821.4399999999998, 'text': ' This is a very good comment and actually I have seen it also a couple of times', 'tokens': [50952, 639, 307, 257, 588, 665, 2871, 293, 767, 286, 362, 1612, 309, 611, 257, 1916, 295, 1413, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1822.1599999999999, 'end': 1824.1599999999999, 'text': ' where people', 'tokens': [51204, 689, 561, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1824.3999999999999, 'end': 1826.3999999999999, 'text': ' really they say that there is', 'tokens': [51316, 534, 436, 584, 300, 456, 307, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1827.28, 'end': 1831.6, 'text': " they knew this but they weren't able to express what they knew.", 'tokens': [51460, 436, 2586, 341, 457, 436, 4999, 380, 1075, 281, 5109, 437, 436, 2586, 13, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17652418555282964, 'compression_ratio': 1.585, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00801996048539877}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1832.48, 'end': 1834.7199999999998, 'text': ' And this is perhaps, I mean, one of the', 'tokens': [50408, 400, 341, 307, 4317, 11, 286, 914, 11, 472, 295, 264, 50520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1835.76, 'end': 1842.08, 'text': ' biggest value of world mapping that you teach people how to show their mental models and it creates discussions.', 'tokens': [50572, 3880, 2158, 295, 1002, 18350, 300, 291, 2924, 561, 577, 281, 855, 641, 4973, 5245, 293, 309, 7829, 11088, 13, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1844.32, 'end': 1846.32, 'text': " That's how we're included to start.", 'tokens': [51000, 663, 311, 577, 321, 434, 5556, 281, 722, 13, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1848.56, 'end': 1850.1599999999999, 'text': ' Manish.', 'tokens': [51212, 2458, 742, 13, 51292], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1850.1599999999999, 'end': 1854.0, 'text': " But to John's point about being more philosophical, yeah.", 'tokens': [51292, 583, 281, 2619, 311, 935, 466, 885, 544, 25066, 11, 1338, 13, 51484], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1855.4399999999998, 'end': 1857.28, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [51556, 865, 13, 51648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 183160, 'start': 1857.28, 'end': 1859.12, 'text': " Maybe it's", 'tokens': [51648, 2704, 309, 311, 51740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3109994185598273, 'compression_ratio': 1.4263157894736842, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0034741987474262714}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1859.1999999999998, 'end': 1862.1599999999999, 'text': ' reflective if you can call that philosophical or', 'tokens': [50368, 28931, 498, 291, 393, 818, 300, 25066, 420, 50516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1863.12, 'end': 1865.4399999999998, 'text': " meta or maybe that's philosophical.", 'tokens': [50564, 19616, 420, 1310, 300, 311, 25066, 13, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1867.6, 'end': 1870.1599999999999, 'text': " Yeah, I'm gonna leave now. Manish, please.", 'tokens': [50788, 865, 11, 286, 478, 799, 1856, 586, 13, 2458, 742, 11, 1767, 13, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1871.76, 'end': 1873.76, 'text': ' Yeah, hey Chris, a question.', 'tokens': [50996, 865, 11, 4177, 6688, 11, 257, 1168, 13, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1874.56, 'end': 1878.3999999999999, 'text': ' Is looking at this feedback looks like people undermine', 'tokens': [51136, 1119, 1237, 412, 341, 5824, 1542, 411, 561, 39257, 51328], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1879.52, 'end': 1881.52, 'text': ' the efforts and hard work', 'tokens': [51384, 264, 6484, 293, 1152, 589, 51484], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 185912, 'start': 1882.08, 'end': 1884.08, 'text': ' that are brought in.', 'tokens': [51512, 300, 366, 3038, 294, 13, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21926237831653003, 'compression_ratio': 1.4550561797752808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009178804233670235}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 188408, 'start': 1884.8799999999999, 'end': 1889.6799999999998, 'text': " Maybe don't give credit or have not. I'm not just generalizing things but", 'tokens': [50404, 2704, 500, 380, 976, 5397, 420, 362, 406, 13, 286, 478, 406, 445, 2674, 3319, 721, 457, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19554098721208243, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02965233474969864}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 188408, 'start': 1890.56, 'end': 1896.48, 'text': ' we knew all this and you just came in and showed just the first door and all other doors we have opened.', 'tokens': [50688, 321, 2586, 439, 341, 293, 291, 445, 1361, 294, 293, 4712, 445, 264, 700, 2853, 293, 439, 661, 8077, 321, 362, 5625, 13, 50984], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19554098721208243, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02965233474969864}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 188408, 'start': 1897.6, 'end': 1898.56, 'text': ' Right?', 'tokens': [51040, 1779, 30, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19554098721208243, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02965233474969864}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 188408, 'start': 1898.56, 'end': 1907.84, 'text': " And do you see some of those things happening? Like I'm not talking about frequency, but when people have having those biases", 'tokens': [51088, 400, 360, 291, 536, 512, 295, 729, 721, 2737, 30, 1743, 286, 478, 406, 1417, 466, 7893, 11, 457, 562, 561, 362, 1419, 729, 32152, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19554098721208243, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02965233474969864}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 188408, 'start': 1909.36, 'end': 1911.9199999999998, 'text': ' that yeah, we knew all this and', 'tokens': [51628, 300, 1338, 11, 321, 2586, 439, 341, 293, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19554098721208243, 'compression_ratio': 1.6333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02965233474969864}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 191192, 'start': 1912.64, 'end': 1914.8000000000002, 'text': ' you get less of the credit sometimes.', 'tokens': [50400, 291, 483, 1570, 295, 264, 5397, 2171, 13, 50508], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21219027173388136, 'compression_ratio': 1.641255605381166, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005369492806494236}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 191192, 'start': 1915.76, 'end': 1921.6000000000001, 'text': " So I mean, I'm not, okay, I will be honest. Frankly, sometimes it burns when they", 'tokens': [50556, 407, 286, 914, 11, 286, 478, 406, 11, 1392, 11, 286, 486, 312, 3245, 13, 41344, 11, 2171, 309, 22684, 562, 436, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21219027173388136, 'compression_ratio': 1.641255605381166, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005369492806494236}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 191192, 'start': 1922.3200000000002, 'end': 1926.48, 'text': " undermine what I'm bringing to the world. But on the other hand, I'm", 'tokens': [50884, 39257, 437, 286, 478, 5062, 281, 264, 1002, 13, 583, 322, 264, 661, 1011, 11, 286, 478, 51092], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21219027173388136, 'compression_ratio': 1.641255605381166, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005369492806494236}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 191192, 'start': 1927.44, 'end': 1934.8000000000002, 'text': ' usually the least knowledgeable person in the room and they already have the knowledge. So what I started doing,', 'tokens': [51140, 2673, 264, 1935, 33800, 954, 294, 264, 1808, 293, 436, 1217, 362, 264, 3601, 13, 407, 437, 286, 1409, 884, 11, 51508], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21219027173388136, 'compression_ratio': 1.641255605381166, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005369492806494236}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 191192, 'start': 1935.92, 'end': 1940.48, 'text': ' I think from this presentation is that I openly acknowledge that', 'tokens': [51564, 286, 519, 490, 341, 5860, 307, 300, 286, 23109, 10692, 300, 51792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21219027173388136, 'compression_ratio': 1.641255605381166, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005369492806494236}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 194048, 'start': 1941.2, 'end': 1944.48, 'text': " I'm playing the faciilier role.", 'tokens': [50400, 286, 478, 2433, 264, 1915, 72, 388, 811, 3090, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22638020864347133, 'compression_ratio': 1.502439024390244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003472193842753768}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 194048, 'start': 1945.28, 'end': 1951.3600000000001, 'text': ' Perhaps I will show them a few patterns if the situation will require this, but they are the experts.', 'tokens': [50604, 10517, 286, 486, 855, 552, 257, 1326, 8294, 498, 264, 2590, 486, 3651, 341, 11, 457, 436, 366, 264, 8572, 13, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22638020864347133, 'compression_ratio': 1.502439024390244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003472193842753768}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 194048, 'start': 1952.08, 'end': 1955.3600000000001, 'text': " And the only thing that I'm there to do is to", 'tokens': [50944, 400, 264, 787, 551, 300, 286, 478, 456, 281, 360, 307, 281, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22638020864347133, 'compression_ratio': 1.502439024390244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003472193842753768}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 194048, 'start': 1956.48, 'end': 1958.48, 'text': ' cause healthy conflicts', 'tokens': [51164, 3082, 4627, 19807, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22638020864347133, 'compression_ratio': 1.502439024390244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003472193842753768}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 194048, 'start': 1958.96, 'end': 1960.64, 'text': ' over a map.', 'tokens': [51288, 670, 257, 4471, 13, 51372], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22638020864347133, 'compression_ratio': 1.502439024390244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003472193842753768}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 194048, 'start': 1960.64, 'end': 1966.96, 'text': " Right? And since then, I think I've got a slightly better feedback because people understand", 'tokens': [51372, 1779, 30, 400, 1670, 550, 11, 286, 519, 286, 600, 658, 257, 4748, 1101, 5824, 570, 561, 1223, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22638020864347133, 'compression_ratio': 1.502439024390244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003472193842753768}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1967.92, 'end': 1972.96, 'text': ' that the value is in the process and in the structure and in the open conversations.', 'tokens': [50412, 300, 264, 2158, 307, 294, 264, 1399, 293, 294, 264, 3877, 293, 294, 264, 1269, 7315, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1974.16, 'end': 1978.8, 'text': ' Yeah, and also you mentioned that you are not happy about the decision to sell.', 'tokens': [50724, 865, 11, 293, 611, 291, 2835, 300, 291, 366, 406, 2055, 466, 264, 3537, 281, 3607, 13, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1979.44, 'end': 1980.4, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [50988, 865, 13, 51036], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1980.4, 'end': 1984.24, 'text': ' Loathing, right? And so maybe as', 'tokens': [51036, 6130, 267, 571, 11, 558, 30, 400, 370, 1310, 382, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1985.68, 'end': 1990.72, 'text': ' a facilitator also, you have a point of view to say.', 'tokens': [51300, 257, 38770, 1639, 611, 11, 291, 362, 257, 935, 295, 1910, 281, 584, 13, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1992.16, 'end': 1994.24, 'text': " So it is not just that you're bringing", 'tokens': [51624, 407, 309, 307, 406, 445, 300, 291, 434, 5062, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 196696, 'start': 1995.1200000000001, 'end': 1996.88, 'text': ' cartography as a skill.', 'tokens': [51772, 5467, 5820, 382, 257, 5389, 13, 51860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19762617746988934, 'compression_ratio': 1.5637254901960784, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001890590414404869}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 199696, 'start': 1997.28, 'end': 2001.76, 'text': " Or being a facilitator. But in the process, you're also putting", 'tokens': [50380, 1610, 885, 257, 38770, 1639, 13, 583, 294, 264, 1399, 11, 291, 434, 611, 3372, 50604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10546602986075661, 'compression_ratio': 1.5688073394495412, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028808002825826406}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 199696, 'start': 2003.1200000000001, 'end': 2007.44, 'text': ' your point of view based on what you have learned in the workshop. So', 'tokens': [50672, 428, 935, 295, 1910, 2361, 322, 437, 291, 362, 3264, 294, 264, 13541, 13, 407, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10546602986075661, 'compression_ratio': 1.5688073394495412, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028808002825826406}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 199696, 'start': 2008.24, 'end': 2011.68, 'text': " I think although these feedbacks don't directly point", 'tokens': [50928, 286, 519, 4878, 613, 5824, 82, 500, 380, 3838, 935, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10546602986075661, 'compression_ratio': 1.5688073394495412, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028808002825826406}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 199696, 'start': 2013.1200000000001, 'end': 2015.6000000000001, 'text': ' towards the hard work that you have done,', 'tokens': [51172, 3030, 264, 1152, 589, 300, 291, 362, 1096, 11, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10546602986075661, 'compression_ratio': 1.5688073394495412, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028808002825826406}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 199696, 'start': 2016.32, 'end': 2019.6000000000001, 'text': ' I think there is a lot of credit due for that.', 'tokens': [51332, 286, 519, 456, 307, 257, 688, 295, 5397, 3462, 337, 300, 13, 51496], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10546602986075661, 'compression_ratio': 1.5688073394495412, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028808002825826406}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 199696, 'start': 2020.32, 'end': 2023.92, 'text': ' Amazing use case. Thank you. And thank you for acknowledging that', 'tokens': [51532, 14165, 764, 1389, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 400, 1309, 291, 337, 30904, 300, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10546602986075661, 'compression_ratio': 1.5688073394495412, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028808002825826406}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 202392, 'start': 2024.8000000000002, 'end': 2030.0800000000002, 'text': ' the underline underpinning maps are very complex and you have simplified it.', 'tokens': [50408, 264, 833, 1889, 833, 17836, 773, 11317, 366, 588, 3997, 293, 291, 362, 26335, 309, 13, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22226746503044578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5980392156862746, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02434435486793518}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 202392, 'start': 2030.8000000000002, 'end': 2038.4, 'text': ' Because I think as you remember, one of the tweets when you said that one of the companies', 'tokens': [50708, 1436, 286, 519, 382, 291, 1604, 11, 472, 295, 264, 25671, 562, 291, 848, 300, 472, 295, 264, 3431, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22226746503044578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5980392156862746, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02434435486793518}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 202392, 'start': 2038.4, 'end': 2043.76, 'text': ' selling the design of ventilator or open sourcing it or moving it for free,', 'tokens': [51088, 6511, 264, 1715, 295, 27498, 1639, 420, 1269, 11006, 2175, 309, 420, 2684, 309, 337, 1737, 11, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22226746503044578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5980392156862746, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02434435486793518}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 202392, 'start': 2044.8000000000002, 'end': 2046.96, 'text': " I was impressed. But then you, you're", 'tokens': [51408, 286, 390, 11679, 13, 583, 550, 291, 11, 291, 434, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22226746503044578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5980392156862746, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02434435486793518}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 202392, 'start': 2048.08, 'end': 2049.6800000000003, 'text': ' meaning I was very happy with that', 'tokens': [51572, 3620, 286, 390, 588, 2055, 365, 300, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22226746503044578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5980392156862746, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02434435486793518}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 202392, 'start': 2050.7200000000003, 'end': 2051.36, 'text': ' decision.', 'tokens': [51704, 3537, 13, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22226746503044578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5980392156862746, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02434435486793518}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 205136, 'start': 2052.0, 'end': 2056.56, 'text': " But it was just two, three line maps and you draw, you've drawn a different", 'tokens': [50396, 583, 309, 390, 445, 732, 11, 1045, 1622, 11317, 293, 291, 2642, 11, 291, 600, 10117, 257, 819, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13020172715187073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6239669421487604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010445814579725266}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 205136, 'start': 2057.2000000000003, 'end': 2059.36, 'text': ' parallels, a different insight from that.', 'tokens': [50656, 44223, 11, 257, 819, 11269, 490, 300, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13020172715187073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6239669421487604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010445814579725266}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 205136, 'start': 2060.32, 'end': 2066.6400000000003, 'text': ' For example, the company by doing so will shed its responsibility from producing', 'tokens': [50812, 1171, 1365, 11, 264, 2237, 538, 884, 370, 486, 14951, 1080, 6357, 490, 10501, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13020172715187073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6239669421487604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010445814579725266}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 205136, 'start': 2067.36, 'end': 2071.36, 'text': ' and fulfilling the demand. And it would say those who have the design can produce,', 'tokens': [51164, 293, 25800, 264, 4733, 13, 400, 309, 576, 584, 729, 567, 362, 264, 1715, 393, 5258, 11, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13020172715187073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6239669421487604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010445814579725266}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 205136, 'start': 2071.36, 'end': 2074.6400000000003, 'text': " don't tell us that we were the bottleneck in the process. So", 'tokens': [51364, 500, 380, 980, 505, 300, 321, 645, 264, 44641, 547, 294, 264, 1399, 13, 407, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13020172715187073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6239669421487604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010445814579725266}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 205136, 'start': 2076.08, 'end': 2079.28, 'text': ' many of those insights came from very simple maps.', 'tokens': [51600, 867, 295, 729, 14310, 1361, 490, 588, 2199, 11317, 13, 51760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13020172715187073, 'compression_ratio': 1.6239669421487604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010445814579725266}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 207928, 'start': 2080.1600000000003, 'end': 2086.1600000000003, 'text': ' And I think although the underpinning maps could be very complicated or complex,', 'tokens': [50408, 400, 286, 519, 4878, 264, 833, 17836, 773, 11317, 727, 312, 588, 6179, 420, 3997, 11, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21059436798095704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5277777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033147060312330723}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 207928, 'start': 2086.88, 'end': 2094.0800000000004, 'text': ' you have always made it simple enough to bring your story forward very effectively.', 'tokens': [50744, 291, 362, 1009, 1027, 309, 2199, 1547, 281, 1565, 428, 1657, 2128, 588, 8659, 13, 51104], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21059436798095704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5277777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033147060312330723}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 207928, 'start': 2095.36, 'end': 2098.7200000000003, 'text': " Thank you, Manish. I'm afraid I'm going to leave myself and to a storyteller.", 'tokens': [51168, 1044, 291, 11, 2458, 742, 13, 286, 478, 4638, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1856, 2059, 293, 281, 257, 17541, 14983, 13, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21059436798095704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5277777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033147060312330723}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 207928, 'start': 2099.6800000000003, 'end': 2106.4, 'text': ' And this is more like taking the people on journey with me and using those maps to sell', 'tokens': [51384, 400, 341, 307, 544, 411, 1940, 264, 561, 322, 4671, 365, 385, 293, 1228, 729, 11317, 281, 3607, 51720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21059436798095704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5277777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033147060312330723}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 210640, 'start': 2106.4, 'end': 2113.92, 'text': " ideas, to sell ideas to people and communicate in a clear way because I'm a terrible speaker", 'tokens': [50364, 3487, 11, 281, 3607, 3487, 281, 561, 293, 7890, 294, 257, 1850, 636, 570, 286, 478, 257, 6237, 8145, 50740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15207958221435547, 'compression_ratio': 1.5087719298245614, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0030429780017584562}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 210640, 'start': 2113.92, 'end': 2120.8, 'text': ' and much seem to complement my natural or make up for my inability to speak.', 'tokens': [50740, 293, 709, 1643, 281, 17103, 452, 3303, 420, 652, 493, 337, 452, 33162, 281, 1710, 13, 51084], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15207958221435547, 'compression_ratio': 1.5087719298245614, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0030429780017584562}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 210640, 'start': 2122.8, 'end': 2128.96, 'text': ' No, I think communication is not just words or grammar. I think you have put up a lot of', 'tokens': [51184, 883, 11, 286, 519, 6101, 307, 406, 445, 2283, 420, 22317, 13, 286, 519, 291, 362, 829, 493, 257, 688, 295, 51492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15207958221435547, 'compression_ratio': 1.5087719298245614, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0030429780017584562}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 212896, 'start': 2129.84, 'end': 2136.08, 'text': ' insights in a very powerful way. And other question I have is you have all', 'tokens': [50408, 14310, 294, 257, 588, 4005, 636, 13, 400, 661, 1168, 286, 362, 307, 291, 362, 439, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2311850708800477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5924170616113744, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0935371071100235}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 212896, 'start': 2136.88, 'end': 2143.44, 'text': ' levels of people working in your workshop, brainstorming and interacting and from', 'tokens': [50760, 4358, 295, 561, 1364, 294, 428, 13541, 11, 35245, 278, 293, 18017, 293, 490, 51088], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2311850708800477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5924170616113744, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0935371071100235}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 212896, 'start': 2143.44, 'end': 2149.28, 'text': ' C-Soot to down. From your experience from different workshops, have you figured', 'tokens': [51088, 383, 12, 50, 6259, 281, 760, 13, 3358, 428, 1752, 490, 819, 19162, 11, 362, 291, 8932, 51380], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2311850708800477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5924170616113744, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0935371071100235}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 212896, 'start': 2150.0, 'end': 2156.56, 'text': ' any time experience, two conflicting cults, like they are fighting each other and you had to really', 'tokens': [51416, 604, 565, 1752, 11, 732, 43784, 2376, 82, 11, 411, 436, 366, 5237, 1184, 661, 293, 291, 632, 281, 534, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2311850708800477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5924170616113744, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0935371071100235}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 215656, 'start': 2157.2799999999997, 'end': 2164.96, 'text': " bring some of your skills as facilitators to say, hey, let's break the deadlock.", 'tokens': [50400, 1565, 512, 295, 428, 3942, 382, 38770, 3391, 281, 584, 11, 4177, 11, 718, 311, 1821, 264, 3116, 4102, 13, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1756606860594316, 'compression_ratio': 1.5947136563876652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012053059414029121}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 215656, 'start': 2167.7599999999998, 'end': 2172.64, 'text': " Yeah, so I have seen that and I have to admit that it wasn't me who figured out what was the", 'tokens': [50924, 865, 11, 370, 286, 362, 1612, 300, 293, 286, 362, 281, 9796, 300, 309, 2067, 380, 385, 567, 8932, 484, 437, 390, 264, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1756606860594316, 'compression_ratio': 1.5947136563876652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012053059414029121}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 215656, 'start': 2172.64, 'end': 2179.84, 'text': ' problem because I really get conflicts inside a group, I mean conflicts that have like two', 'tokens': [51168, 1154, 570, 286, 534, 483, 19807, 1854, 257, 1594, 11, 286, 914, 19807, 300, 362, 411, 732, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1756606860594316, 'compression_ratio': 1.5947136563876652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012053059414029121}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 215656, 'start': 2179.84, 'end': 2186.16, 'text': ' decisions because in the beginning of the workshops, I always say that there is no right or wrong', 'tokens': [51528, 5327, 570, 294, 264, 2863, 295, 264, 19162, 11, 286, 1009, 584, 300, 456, 307, 572, 558, 420, 2085, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1756606860594316, 'compression_ratio': 1.5947136563876652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012053059414029121}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 218656, 'start': 2186.56, 'end': 2192.24, 'text': ' and if you have a difference of opinions that requires preparing an experiment to figure out', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 498, 291, 362, 257, 2649, 295, 11819, 300, 7029, 10075, 364, 5120, 281, 2573, 484, 50648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12424450715382894, 'compression_ratio': 1.5625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0035826019011437893}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 218656, 'start': 2192.24, 'end': 2199.52, 'text': ' which of those is the right way to go. But what I have experienced once in a workshop was a person', 'tokens': [50648, 597, 295, 729, 307, 264, 558, 636, 281, 352, 13, 583, 437, 286, 362, 6751, 1564, 294, 257, 13541, 390, 257, 954, 51012], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12424450715382894, 'compression_ratio': 1.5625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0035826019011437893}, {'id': 375, 'seek': 218656, 'start': 2200.4, 'end': 2207.68, 'text': ' during a meeting which had slightly different background than the rest of the board', 'tokens': [51056, 1830, 257, 3440, 597, 632, 4748, 819, 3678, 813, 264, 1472, 295, 264, 3150, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12424450715382894, 'compression_ratio': 1.5625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0035826019011437893}, {'id': 376, 'seek': 220768, 'start': 2208.24, 'end': 2218.7999999999997, 'text': ' and this person was responsible for a unit which if the company took the best strategic routes', 'tokens': [50392, 293, 341, 954, 390, 6250, 337, 257, 4985, 597, 498, 264, 2237, 1890, 264, 1151, 10924, 18242, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18009469509124756, 'compression_ratio': 1.4682539682539681, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09737168252468109}, {'id': 377, 'seek': 220768, 'start': 2218.7999999999997, 'end': 2227.9199999999996, 'text': ' they could take, this particular unit would be severely done. And this person was actively', 'tokens': [50920, 436, 727, 747, 11, 341, 1729, 4985, 576, 312, 26271, 1096, 13, 400, 341, 954, 390, 13022, 51376], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18009469509124756, 'compression_ratio': 1.4682539682539681, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09737168252468109}, {'id': 378, 'seek': 222792, 'start': 2227.92, 'end': 2238.48, 'text': ' working against the entire session and nobody in the room acknowledged the situation and', 'tokens': [50364, 1364, 1970, 264, 2302, 5481, 293, 5079, 294, 264, 1808, 27262, 264, 2590, 293, 50892], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17685020331180457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05912311002612114}, {'id': 379, 'seek': 222792, 'start': 2239.6, 'end': 2248.32, 'text': " I suspect the reason was that this person, so perhaps this is a wrong word, this person couldn't", 'tokens': [50948, 286, 9091, 264, 1778, 390, 300, 341, 954, 11, 370, 4317, 341, 307, 257, 2085, 1349, 11, 341, 954, 2809, 380, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17685020331180457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05912311002612114}, {'id': 380, 'seek': 222792, 'start': 2248.32, 'end': 2254.96, 'text': ' see that this particular unit will be downskate in the future. So it was like it was set as almost', 'tokens': [51384, 536, 300, 341, 1729, 4985, 486, 312, 760, 5161, 473, 294, 264, 2027, 13, 407, 309, 390, 411, 309, 390, 992, 382, 1920, 51716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17685020331180457, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05912311002612114}, {'id': 381, 'seek': 225496, 'start': 2255.04, 'end': 2261.28, 'text': ' like a scapegoat to run this particular unit because if something bad happens it will not be', 'tokens': [50368, 411, 257, 4216, 494, 1571, 267, 281, 1190, 341, 1729, 4985, 570, 498, 746, 1578, 2314, 309, 486, 406, 312, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1651270442538791, 'compression_ratio': 1.6309012875536482, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02047288417816162}, {'id': 382, 'seek': 225496, 'start': 2261.28, 'end': 2269.04, 'text': ' one of us. And this was where there was a company that I failed to recognize, my capacity to pick', 'tokens': [50680, 472, 295, 505, 13, 400, 341, 390, 689, 456, 390, 257, 2237, 300, 286, 7612, 281, 5521, 11, 452, 6042, 281, 1888, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1651270442538791, 'compression_ratio': 1.6309012875536482, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02047288417816162}, {'id': 383, 'seek': 225496, 'start': 2269.04, 'end': 2276.08, 'text': " it up and made it explicit, guys what's going on here because this isn't the discussion that we", 'tokens': [51068, 309, 493, 293, 1027, 309, 13691, 11, 1074, 437, 311, 516, 322, 510, 570, 341, 1943, 380, 264, 5017, 300, 321, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1651270442538791, 'compression_ratio': 1.6309012875536482, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02047288417816162}, {'id': 384, 'seek': 225496, 'start': 2276.08, 'end': 2281.68, 'text': ' should be having and then they have revealed who is responsible for what and what will happen', 'tokens': [51420, 820, 312, 1419, 293, 550, 436, 362, 9599, 567, 307, 6250, 337, 437, 293, 437, 486, 1051, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1651270442538791, 'compression_ratio': 1.6309012875536482, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02047288417816162}, {'id': 385, 'seek': 228168, 'start': 2281.7599999999998, 'end': 2289.2799999999997, 'text': ' and this explicit or making the complicated interest explicit revealed or allowed the workshop to', 'tokens': [50368, 293, 341, 13691, 420, 1455, 264, 6179, 1179, 13691, 9599, 420, 4350, 264, 13541, 281, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.447329370599044, 'compression_ratio': 1.4654088050314464, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004450182430446148}, {'id': 386, 'seek': 228168, 'start': 2289.2799999999997, 'end': 2296.96, 'text': ' proceed. Is there a way to map that conflict of interest?', 'tokens': [50744, 8991, 13, 1119, 456, 257, 636, 281, 4471, 300, 6596, 295, 1179, 30, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.447329370599044, 'compression_ratio': 1.4654088050314464, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004450182430446148}, {'id': 387, 'seek': 228168, 'start': 2300.3199999999997, 'end': 2303.9199999999996, 'text': ' Okay, thank you Chris for your interest.', 'tokens': [51296, 1033, 11, 1309, 291, 6688, 337, 428, 1179, 13, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.447329370599044, 'compression_ratio': 1.4654088050314464, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004450182430446148}, {'id': 388, 'seek': 228168, 'start': 2303.9199999999996, 'end': 2306.3999999999996, 'text': ' Locals are good to have here. Quick.', 'tokens': [51476, 12859, 1124, 366, 665, 281, 362, 510, 13, 12101, 13, 51600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.447329370599044, 'compression_ratio': 1.4654088050314464, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004450182430446148}, {'id': 389, 'seek': 230640, 'start': 2307.2000000000003, 'end': 2312.7200000000003, 'text': " Hey, so my question is kind of in the frame of, I'll use the words, the buzz words,", 'tokens': [50404, 1911, 11, 370, 452, 1168, 307, 733, 295, 294, 264, 3920, 295, 11, 286, 603, 764, 264, 2283, 11, 264, 13036, 2283, 11, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13755543335624362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6527777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0067936875857412815}, {'id': 390, 'seek': 230640, 'start': 2312.7200000000003, 'end': 2319.36, 'text': ' out port versus outcomes, right? So and I think I see like the feedback you got and also the way', 'tokens': [50680, 484, 2436, 5717, 10070, 11, 558, 30, 407, 293, 286, 519, 286, 536, 411, 264, 5824, 291, 658, 293, 611, 264, 636, 51012], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13755543335624362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6527777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0067936875857412815}, {'id': 391, 'seek': 230640, 'start': 2319.36, 'end': 2328.48, 'text': ' the thing was originally framed and in how you say what did we accomplish in this session, I think', 'tokens': [51012, 264, 551, 390, 7993, 30420, 293, 294, 577, 291, 584, 437, 630, 321, 9021, 294, 341, 5481, 11, 286, 519, 51468], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13755543335624362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6527777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0067936875857412815}, {'id': 392, 'seek': 230640, 'start': 2329.52, 'end': 2333.92, 'text': " like the output mindset is you're framing this as a decision was made, right?", 'tokens': [51520, 411, 264, 5598, 12543, 307, 291, 434, 28971, 341, 382, 257, 3537, 390, 1027, 11, 558, 30, 51740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13755543335624362, 'compression_ratio': 1.6527777777777777, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0067936875857412815}, {'id': 393, 'seek': 233392, 'start': 2334.88, 'end': 2340.32, 'text': " So we made the decision whatever that's a bit of an output like what I think is the problem here is", 'tokens': [50412, 407, 321, 1027, 264, 3537, 2035, 300, 311, 257, 857, 295, 364, 5598, 411, 437, 286, 519, 307, 264, 1154, 510, 307, 50684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23337831099828085, 'compression_ratio': 1.7522522522522523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005702009657397866}, {'id': 394, 'seek': 233392, 'start': 2341.44, 'end': 2347.6, 'text': ' the session framing, at least as you described to us and also the what did we accomplish,', 'tokens': [50740, 264, 5481, 28971, 11, 412, 1935, 382, 291, 7619, 281, 505, 293, 611, 264, 437, 630, 321, 9021, 11, 51048], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23337831099828085, 'compression_ratio': 1.7522522522522523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005702009657397866}, {'id': 395, 'seek': 233392, 'start': 2348.16, 'end': 2355.12, 'text': ' right? Framing that in an outcome mindset, right? Not mindset, mindset, in actually outcome. So an', 'tokens': [51076, 558, 30, 1526, 5184, 300, 294, 364, 9700, 12543, 11, 558, 30, 1726, 12543, 11, 12543, 11, 294, 767, 9700, 13, 407, 364, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23337831099828085, 'compression_ratio': 1.7522522522522523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005702009657397866}, {'id': 396, 'seek': 233392, 'start': 2355.12, 'end': 2361.2000000000003, 'text': " outcome is in a change of behavior, right? That's like behavior has changed and that's going to lead", 'tokens': [51424, 9700, 307, 294, 257, 1319, 295, 5223, 11, 558, 30, 663, 311, 411, 5223, 575, 3105, 293, 300, 311, 516, 281, 1477, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23337831099828085, 'compression_ratio': 1.7522522522522523, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005702009657397866}, {'id': 397, 'seek': 236120, 'start': 2361.3599999999997, 'end': 2366.72, 'text': " us towards a future impact of success. So here's evidence, we're having this problem,", 'tokens': [50372, 505, 3030, 257, 2027, 2712, 295, 2245, 13, 407, 510, 311, 4467, 11, 321, 434, 1419, 341, 1154, 11, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364995672347698, 'compression_ratio': 1.6452991452991452, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004904814530164003}, {'id': 398, 'seek': 236120, 'start': 2367.4399999999996, 'end': 2374.72, 'text': " this behavior is happening and it's stopping us from getting to where it's, you know, and so we", 'tokens': [50676, 341, 5223, 307, 2737, 293, 309, 311, 12767, 505, 490, 1242, 281, 689, 309, 311, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 370, 321, 51040], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364995672347698, 'compression_ratio': 1.6452991452991452, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004904814530164003}, {'id': 399, 'seek': 236120, 'start': 2374.72, 'end': 2380.64, 'text': " want to see a change in behavior in our organization that will get us to more success. So I don't want", 'tokens': [51040, 528, 281, 536, 257, 1319, 294, 5223, 294, 527, 4475, 300, 486, 483, 505, 281, 544, 2245, 13, 407, 286, 500, 380, 528, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364995672347698, 'compression_ratio': 1.6452991452991452, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004904814530164003}, {'id': 400, 'seek': 236120, 'start': 2380.64, 'end': 2387.52, 'text': ' to put words like I just want to try and frame how would you describe what they believe the intended', 'tokens': [51336, 281, 829, 2283, 411, 286, 445, 528, 281, 853, 293, 3920, 577, 576, 291, 6786, 437, 436, 1697, 264, 10226, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364995672347698, 'compression_ratio': 1.6452991452991452, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004904814530164003}, {'id': 401, 'seek': 238752, 'start': 2387.52, 'end': 2395.28, 'text': " outcome was and then how would you describe, you know, if you frame this say here's what we", 'tokens': [50364, 9700, 390, 293, 550, 577, 576, 291, 6786, 11, 291, 458, 11, 498, 291, 3920, 341, 584, 510, 311, 437, 321, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16507233182589212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6929824561403508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001547653810121119}, {'id': 402, 'seek': 238752, 'start': 2395.28, 'end': 2399.28, 'text': " accomplish, here's the outcome we accomplished and here's that's going to lead us to our impact.", 'tokens': [50752, 9021, 11, 510, 311, 264, 9700, 321, 15419, 293, 510, 311, 300, 311, 516, 281, 1477, 505, 281, 527, 2712, 13, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16507233182589212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6929824561403508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001547653810121119}, {'id': 403, 'seek': 238752, 'start': 2400.4, 'end': 2407.2, 'text': " Could you put that in words for us? Oh, so now you've opened a very, very interesting challenge", 'tokens': [51008, 7497, 291, 829, 300, 294, 2283, 337, 505, 30, 876, 11, 370, 586, 291, 600, 5625, 257, 588, 11, 588, 1880, 3430, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16507233182589212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6929824561403508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001547653810121119}, {'id': 404, 'seek': 238752, 'start': 2407.2, 'end': 2413.12, 'text': ' and this is one that I have been battling for a really long time, this is and do you have essentially', 'tokens': [51348, 293, 341, 307, 472, 300, 286, 362, 668, 33752, 337, 257, 534, 938, 565, 11, 341, 307, 293, 360, 291, 362, 4476, 51644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16507233182589212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6929824561403508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001547653810121119}, {'id': 405, 'seek': 241312, 'start': 2413.12, 'end': 2421.2, 'text': ' touched a very big issue which is how do you sell world-wide mapping? Because this is exactly the', 'tokens': [50364, 9828, 257, 588, 955, 2734, 597, 307, 577, 360, 291, 3607, 1002, 12, 7990, 18350, 30, 1436, 341, 307, 2293, 264, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19982138547030362, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020861705765128136}, {'id': 406, 'seek': 241312, 'start': 2421.2, 'end': 2426.24, 'text': ' challenge because we can deliver or we can sell a world-wide mapping session, a situational awareness', 'tokens': [50768, 3430, 570, 321, 393, 4239, 420, 321, 393, 3607, 257, 1002, 12, 7990, 18350, 5481, 11, 257, 2054, 1478, 8888, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19982138547030362, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020861705765128136}, {'id': 407, 'seek': 241312, 'start': 2426.24, 'end': 2433.68, 'text': ' session, but what usually it gets you, it gets you either expectations that you will become some', 'tokens': [51020, 5481, 11, 457, 437, 2673, 309, 2170, 291, 11, 309, 2170, 291, 2139, 9843, 300, 291, 486, 1813, 512, 51392], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19982138547030362, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020861705765128136}, {'id': 408, 'seek': 241312, 'start': 2433.68, 'end': 2440.4, 'text': ' evil strategic genius or and which then if they are confronted with what you know after the session', 'tokens': [51392, 6724, 10924, 14017, 420, 293, 597, 550, 498, 436, 366, 31257, 365, 437, 291, 458, 934, 264, 5481, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19982138547030362, 'compression_ratio': 1.7142857142857142, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020861705765128136}, {'id': 409, 'seek': 244040, 'start': 2440.4, 'end': 2446.56, 'text': " they are really ready that they'll be and what you have just asked is whether or how I read it is", 'tokens': [50364, 436, 366, 534, 1919, 300, 436, 603, 312, 293, 437, 291, 362, 445, 2351, 307, 1968, 420, 577, 286, 1401, 309, 307, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14704338534847722, 'compression_ratio': 1.7813953488372094, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031686262227594852}, {'id': 410, 'seek': 244040, 'start': 2446.56, 'end': 2453.44, 'text': ' whether there is a way to tell them upfront what will change in their behavior and so they they', 'tokens': [50672, 1968, 456, 307, 257, 636, 281, 980, 552, 30264, 437, 486, 1319, 294, 641, 5223, 293, 370, 436, 436, 51016], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14704338534847722, 'compression_ratio': 1.7813953488372094, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031686262227594852}, {'id': 411, 'seek': 244040, 'start': 2453.44, 'end': 2458.7200000000003, 'text': " know what to look at and I mean you have framed it pretty well it's a change behavior in this", 'tokens': [51016, 458, 437, 281, 574, 412, 293, 286, 914, 291, 362, 30420, 309, 1238, 731, 309, 311, 257, 1319, 5223, 294, 341, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14704338534847722, 'compression_ratio': 1.7813953488372094, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031686262227594852}, {'id': 412, 'seek': 244040, 'start': 2458.7200000000003, 'end': 2465.84, 'text': ' particular situation, I think somebody put it earlier than earlier in the chat, it was a change', 'tokens': [51280, 1729, 2590, 11, 286, 519, 2618, 829, 309, 3071, 813, 3071, 294, 264, 5081, 11, 309, 390, 257, 1319, 51636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14704338534847722, 'compression_ratio': 1.7813953488372094, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031686262227594852}, {'id': 413, 'seek': 246584, 'start': 2465.84, 'end': 2473.52, 'text': " of thinking from sell or don't sell to what are our options so we basically provided them", 'tokens': [50364, 295, 1953, 490, 3607, 420, 500, 380, 3607, 281, 437, 366, 527, 3956, 370, 321, 1936, 5649, 552, 50748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16200417208384318, 'compression_ratio': 1.6837209302325582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012002413161098957}, {'id': 414, 'seek': 246584, 'start': 2474.1600000000003, 'end': 2481.36, 'text': ' the ability to make decisions in this highly uncertain environment or the ability to scan', 'tokens': [50780, 264, 3485, 281, 652, 5327, 294, 341, 5405, 11308, 2823, 420, 264, 3485, 281, 11049, 51140], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16200417208384318, 'compression_ratio': 1.6837209302325582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012002413161098957}, {'id': 415, 'seek': 246584, 'start': 2481.36, 'end': 2487.84, 'text': " the environment for opportunities acceptable for them, right? But it wasn't sold that way.", 'tokens': [51140, 264, 2823, 337, 4786, 15513, 337, 552, 11, 558, 30, 583, 309, 2067, 380, 3718, 300, 636, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16200417208384318, 'compression_ratio': 1.6837209302325582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012002413161098957}, {'id': 416, 'seek': 246584, 'start': 2488.56, 'end': 2493.28, 'text': " So yeah I think that's what I'm saying is so that's what you gave them was this ability but", 'tokens': [51500, 407, 1338, 286, 519, 300, 311, 437, 286, 478, 1566, 307, 370, 300, 311, 437, 291, 2729, 552, 390, 341, 3485, 457, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16200417208384318, 'compression_ratio': 1.6837209302325582, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012002413161098957}, {'id': 417, 'seek': 249328, 'start': 2493.28, 'end': 2497.92, 'text': " that's kind of an output so what I was like if you actually can bring it back up to let's talk", 'tokens': [50364, 300, 311, 733, 295, 364, 5598, 370, 437, 286, 390, 411, 498, 291, 767, 393, 1565, 309, 646, 493, 281, 718, 311, 751, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1293536594935826, 'compression_ratio': 1.9090909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004328657407313585}, {'id': 418, 'seek': 249328, 'start': 2497.92, 'end': 2504.4, 'text': " about how wordly mapping is how right and it's kind of open so what I was saying is if you actually", 'tokens': [50596, 466, 577, 1349, 356, 18350, 307, 577, 558, 293, 309, 311, 733, 295, 1269, 370, 437, 286, 390, 1566, 307, 498, 291, 767, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1293536594935826, 'compression_ratio': 1.9090909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004328657407313585}, {'id': 419, 'seek': 249328, 'start': 2504.4, 'end': 2509.36, 'text': " frame the problem you frame the situation early on very well and I'm not sure you realize that you", 'tokens': [50920, 3920, 264, 1154, 291, 3920, 264, 2590, 2440, 322, 588, 731, 293, 286, 478, 406, 988, 291, 4325, 300, 291, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1293536594935826, 'compression_ratio': 1.9090909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004328657407313585}, {'id': 420, 'seek': 249328, 'start': 2509.36, 'end': 2515.52, 'text': ' framed it in an in an outcome they were having negative outcomes negative behaviors that were', 'tokens': [51168, 30420, 309, 294, 364, 294, 364, 9700, 436, 645, 1419, 3671, 10070, 3671, 15501, 300, 645, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1293536594935826, 'compression_ratio': 1.9090909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004328657407313585}, {'id': 421, 'seek': 249328, 'start': 2515.52, 'end': 2522.2400000000002, 'text': ' blocking them and they were missing outcomes so you said they had gone two years back and forth', 'tokens': [51476, 17776, 552, 293, 436, 645, 5361, 10070, 370, 291, 848, 436, 632, 2780, 732, 924, 646, 293, 5220, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1293536594935826, 'compression_ratio': 1.9090909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004328657407313585}, {'id': 422, 'seek': 252224, 'start': 2522.24, 'end': 2529.3599999999997, 'text': ' not being able to make a choice. Okay so this back and forth two years not being able to make a choice', 'tokens': [50364, 406, 885, 1075, 281, 652, 257, 3922, 13, 1033, 370, 341, 646, 293, 5220, 732, 924, 406, 885, 1075, 281, 652, 257, 3922, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09709622232537521, 'compression_ratio': 1.872037914691943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020185159519314766}, {'id': 423, 'seek': 252224, 'start': 2529.9199999999996, 'end': 2535.8399999999997, 'text': " not being able to like push forward on that choice like if you say this is where we're stuck in", 'tokens': [50748, 406, 885, 1075, 281, 411, 2944, 2128, 322, 300, 3922, 411, 498, 291, 584, 341, 307, 689, 321, 434, 5541, 294, 51044], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09709622232537521, 'compression_ratio': 1.872037914691943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020185159519314766}, {'id': 424, 'seek': 252224, 'start': 2535.8399999999997, 'end': 2542.0, 'text': ' circles right so this is a behavior it really exists now after this session they were not able', 'tokens': [51044, 13040, 558, 370, 341, 307, 257, 5223, 309, 534, 8198, 586, 934, 341, 5481, 436, 645, 406, 1075, 51352], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09709622232537521, 'compression_ratio': 1.872037914691943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020185159519314766}, {'id': 425, 'seek': 252224, 'start': 2542.0, 'end': 2550.8799999999997, 'text': " not only to it's not just make that choice right but they knew how to what to do they had the options", 'tokens': [51352, 406, 787, 281, 309, 311, 406, 445, 652, 300, 3922, 558, 457, 436, 2586, 577, 281, 437, 281, 360, 436, 632, 264, 3956, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09709622232537521, 'compression_ratio': 1.872037914691943, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020185159519314766}, {'id': 426, 'seek': 255088, 'start': 2550.96, 'end': 2556.7200000000003, 'text': ' on how to follow through with that choice this was not a this is not a paper choice this was a choice', 'tokens': [50368, 322, 577, 281, 1524, 807, 365, 300, 3922, 341, 390, 406, 257, 341, 307, 406, 257, 3035, 3922, 341, 390, 257, 3922, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09368136654729428, 'compression_ratio': 1.9024390243902438, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037060133181512356}, {'id': 427, 'seek': 255088, 'start': 2557.44, 'end': 2563.04, 'text': ' that they knew how to follow through on to get their strategic impact their goal so if you look', 'tokens': [50692, 300, 436, 2586, 577, 281, 1524, 807, 322, 281, 483, 641, 10924, 2712, 641, 3387, 370, 498, 291, 574, 50972], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09368136654729428, 'compression_ratio': 1.9024390243902438, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037060133181512356}, {'id': 428, 'seek': 255088, 'start': 2563.04, 'end': 2569.28, 'text': ' now you can get about what was our goal our goal is you know to make a business decision and choose how', 'tokens': [50972, 586, 291, 393, 483, 466, 437, 390, 527, 3387, 527, 3387, 307, 291, 458, 281, 652, 257, 1606, 3537, 293, 2826, 577, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09368136654729428, 'compression_ratio': 1.9024390243902438, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037060133181512356}, {'id': 429, 'seek': 255088, 'start': 2569.28, 'end': 2576.08, 'text': " to make that more profitable for us in the future right and to know that's going to lead", 'tokens': [51284, 281, 652, 300, 544, 21608, 337, 505, 294, 264, 2027, 558, 293, 281, 458, 300, 311, 516, 281, 1477, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09368136654729428, 'compression_ratio': 1.9024390243902438, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0037060133181512356}, {'id': 430, 'seek': 257608, 'start': 2576.08, 'end': 2581.7599999999998, 'text': " towards profit right to higher profit so that's our impact right so if you just the outcome", 'tokens': [50364, 3030, 7475, 558, 281, 2946, 7475, 370, 300, 311, 527, 2712, 558, 370, 498, 291, 445, 264, 9700, 50648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1280991278196636, 'compression_ratio': 1.8826530612244898, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07579568773508072}, {'id': 431, 'seek': 257608, 'start': 2581.7599999999998, 'end': 2588.48, 'text': ' in this is like that output outcome impact outcome is changing behavior so this making strategic', 'tokens': [50648, 294, 341, 307, 411, 300, 5598, 9700, 2712, 9700, 307, 4473, 5223, 370, 341, 1455, 10924, 50984], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1280991278196636, 'compression_ratio': 1.8826530612244898, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07579568773508072}, {'id': 432, 'seek': 257608, 'start': 2588.48, 'end': 2597.84, 'text': ' decisions that we can tie follow through on right that we actually have actionable follow-through', 'tokens': [50984, 5327, 300, 321, 393, 7582, 1524, 807, 322, 558, 300, 321, 767, 362, 45098, 1524, 12, 11529, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1280991278196636, 'compression_ratio': 1.8826530612244898, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07579568773508072}, {'id': 433, 'seek': 257608, 'start': 2597.84, 'end': 2604.48, 'text': " points right an actionable way to follow through is the outcome you're looking for", 'tokens': [51452, 2793, 558, 364, 45098, 636, 281, 1524, 807, 307, 264, 9700, 291, 434, 1237, 337, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1280991278196636, 'compression_ratio': 1.8826530612244898, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07579568773508072}, {'id': 434, 'seek': 260448, 'start': 2605.28, 'end': 2610.64, 'text': " structure right and so that's the strategic but that's really what they will be able to do", 'tokens': [50404, 3877, 558, 293, 370, 300, 311, 264, 10924, 457, 300, 311, 534, 437, 436, 486, 312, 1075, 281, 360, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19452739667288865, 'compression_ratio': 1.7170731707317073, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004753159359097481}, {'id': 435, 'seek': 260448, 'start': 2611.44, 'end': 2615.52, 'text': ' so yes they knew all that stuff but this time they did something about it', 'tokens': [50712, 370, 2086, 436, 2586, 439, 300, 1507, 457, 341, 565, 436, 630, 746, 466, 309, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19452739667288865, 'compression_ratio': 1.7170731707317073, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004753159359097481}, {'id': 436, 'seek': 260448, 'start': 2617.52, 'end': 2622.64, 'text': ' oh so did okay so if I understand your current there is another another challenge that I have', 'tokens': [51016, 1954, 370, 630, 1392, 370, 498, 286, 1223, 428, 2190, 456, 307, 1071, 1071, 3430, 300, 286, 362, 51272], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19452739667288865, 'compression_ratio': 1.7170731707317073, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004753159359097481}, {'id': 437, 'seek': 260448, 'start': 2622.64, 'end': 2630.2400000000002, 'text': ' with selling proper outcomes because what was the outcome of this workshop it was like a real', 'tokens': [51272, 365, 6511, 2296, 10070, 570, 437, 390, 264, 9700, 295, 341, 13541, 309, 390, 411, 257, 957, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19452739667288865, 'compression_ratio': 1.7170731707317073, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004753159359097481}, {'id': 438, 'seek': 263024, 'start': 2630.3199999999997, 'end': 2637.04, 'text': ' strategy they knew where they are certainly they knew what are the opportunity threads and they', 'tokens': [50368, 5206, 436, 2586, 689, 436, 366, 3297, 436, 2586, 437, 366, 264, 2650, 19314, 293, 436, 50704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12911649581489212, 'compression_ratio': 1.943089430894309, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002979788463562727}, {'id': 439, 'seek': 263024, 'start': 2637.04, 'end': 2642.3199999999997, 'text': ' had an idea how they are going to explore the environment in order to find or to improve their', 'tokens': [50704, 632, 364, 1558, 577, 436, 366, 516, 281, 6839, 264, 2823, 294, 1668, 281, 915, 420, 281, 3470, 641, 50968], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12911649581489212, 'compression_ratio': 1.943089430894309, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002979788463562727}, {'id': 440, 'seek': 263024, 'start': 2642.3199999999997, 'end': 2648.08, 'text': " situation right but that's that's all the things they had the outputs it gave them was they knew", 'tokens': [50968, 2590, 558, 457, 300, 311, 300, 311, 439, 264, 721, 436, 632, 264, 23930, 309, 2729, 552, 390, 436, 2586, 51256], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12911649581489212, 'compression_ratio': 1.943089430894309, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002979788463562727}, {'id': 441, 'seek': 263024, 'start': 2648.08, 'end': 2654.8799999999997, 'text': " the environment didn't work the outcome is how they used it that's what matters it's not that I know", 'tokens': [51256, 264, 2823, 994, 380, 589, 264, 9700, 307, 577, 436, 1143, 309, 300, 311, 437, 7001, 309, 311, 406, 300, 286, 458, 51596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12911649581489212, 'compression_ratio': 1.943089430894309, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002979788463562727}, {'id': 442, 'seek': 263024, 'start': 2654.8799999999997, 'end': 2660.16, 'text': " this map and I can explain the map it's now how are they making decisions look at how you", 'tokens': [51596, 341, 4471, 293, 286, 393, 2903, 264, 4471, 309, 311, 586, 577, 366, 436, 1455, 5327, 574, 412, 577, 291, 51860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12911649581489212, 'compression_ratio': 1.943089430894309, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002979788463562727}, {'id': 443, 'seek': 266016, 'start': 2660.16, 'end': 2665.3599999999997, 'text': " just made a decision today and how you're making decisions going forward with knowledge you have", 'tokens': [50364, 445, 1027, 257, 3537, 965, 293, 577, 291, 434, 1455, 5327, 516, 2128, 365, 3601, 291, 362, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06408748626708985, 'compression_ratio': 1.991701244813278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0049776011146605015}, {'id': 444, 'seek': 266016, 'start': 2665.3599999999997, 'end': 2671.2, 'text': ' this process and you make this decision and you know how to follow through on that decision', 'tokens': [50624, 341, 1399, 293, 291, 652, 341, 3537, 293, 291, 458, 577, 281, 1524, 807, 322, 300, 3537, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06408748626708985, 'compression_ratio': 1.991701244813278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0049776011146605015}, {'id': 445, 'seek': 266016, 'start': 2671.2, 'end': 2676.24, 'text': " that consensus that strategic decision is a real decision not a decision that's going to overturn", 'tokens': [50916, 300, 19115, 300, 10924, 3537, 307, 257, 957, 3537, 406, 257, 3537, 300, 311, 516, 281, 42865, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06408748626708985, 'compression_ratio': 1.991701244813278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0049776011146605015}, {'id': 446, 'seek': 266016, 'start': 2676.24, 'end': 2681.52, 'text': " when someone has doubts tomorrow loses the plot so this is a strategic decision that you're as a", 'tokens': [51168, 562, 1580, 575, 22618, 4153, 18293, 264, 7542, 370, 341, 307, 257, 10924, 3537, 300, 291, 434, 382, 257, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06408748626708985, 'compression_ratio': 1.991701244813278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0049776011146605015}, {'id': 447, 'seek': 266016, 'start': 2681.52, 'end': 2687.44, 'text': " group capable of following through on and here's evidence of that use your behaviors here's what", 'tokens': [51432, 1594, 8189, 295, 3480, 807, 322, 293, 510, 311, 4467, 295, 300, 764, 428, 15501, 510, 311, 437, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06408748626708985, 'compression_ratio': 1.991701244813278, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0049776011146605015}, {'id': 448, 'seek': 268744, 'start': 2687.44, 'end': 2696.2400000000002, 'text': " you've done differently that's the magic outcomes this is where I'm I've learned these buzzwords", 'tokens': [50364, 291, 600, 1096, 7614, 300, 311, 264, 5585, 10070, 341, 307, 689, 286, 478, 286, 600, 3264, 613, 13036, 13832, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05723257951958235, 'compression_ratio': 1.75, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01743363030254841}, {'id': 449, 'seek': 268744, 'start': 2696.2400000000002, 'end': 2702.08, 'text': " actually have better meaning like the output outcome impact right and so what's impact is that", 'tokens': [50804, 767, 362, 1101, 3620, 411, 264, 5598, 9700, 2712, 558, 293, 370, 437, 311, 2712, 307, 300, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05723257951958235, 'compression_ratio': 1.75, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01743363030254841}, {'id': 450, 'seek': 268744, 'start': 2702.08, 'end': 2707.04, 'text': " going to give us we're going to navigate more quickly to better profits through these decisions", 'tokens': [51096, 516, 281, 976, 505, 321, 434, 516, 281, 12350, 544, 2661, 281, 1101, 17982, 807, 613, 5327, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05723257951958235, 'compression_ratio': 1.75, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01743363030254841}, {'id': 451, 'seek': 268744, 'start': 2707.04, 'end': 2712.56, 'text': " right that's what we want to do right and we're going to be able to follow through on our choices", 'tokens': [51344, 558, 300, 311, 437, 321, 528, 281, 360, 558, 293, 321, 434, 516, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 1524, 807, 322, 527, 7994, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05723257951958235, 'compression_ratio': 1.75, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01743363030254841}, {'id': 452, 'seek': 271256, 'start': 2713.2, 'end': 2719.68, 'text': " is behaviors right because that's going to keep us more focused and make us better profit right so", 'tokens': [50396, 307, 15501, 558, 570, 300, 311, 516, 281, 1066, 505, 544, 5178, 293, 652, 505, 1101, 7475, 558, 370, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05548917836156385, 'compression_ratio': 1.735159817351598, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16225753724575043}, {'id': 453, 'seek': 271256, 'start': 2720.32, 'end': 2727.68, 'text': " outcomes are behaviors outputs are what we do this map is an output and it's no good unless it", 'tokens': [50752, 10070, 366, 15501, 23930, 366, 437, 321, 360, 341, 4471, 307, 364, 5598, 293, 309, 311, 572, 665, 5969, 309, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05548917836156385, 'compression_ratio': 1.735159817351598, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16225753724575043}, {'id': 454, 'seek': 271256, 'start': 2727.68, 'end': 2733.92, 'text': ' gives us an outcome and that outcome is a leading indicator of future impact which we have no control', 'tokens': [51120, 2709, 505, 364, 9700, 293, 300, 9700, 307, 257, 5775, 16961, 295, 2027, 2712, 597, 321, 362, 572, 1969, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05548917836156385, 'compression_ratio': 1.735159817351598, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16225753724575043}, {'id': 455, 'seek': 271256, 'start': 2733.92, 'end': 2740.88, 'text': " of so that's kind of the magic chain and so if you're using wordly mapping correctly", 'tokens': [51432, 295, 370, 300, 311, 733, 295, 264, 5585, 5021, 293, 370, 498, 291, 434, 1228, 1349, 356, 18350, 8944, 51780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05548917836156385, 'compression_ratio': 1.735159817351598, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16225753724575043}, {'id': 456, 'seek': 274088, 'start': 2741.04, 'end': 2746.6400000000003, 'text': " right then you're using it in a situation where you are able to change strategic behavior", 'tokens': [50372, 558, 550, 291, 434, 1228, 309, 294, 257, 2590, 689, 291, 366, 1075, 281, 1319, 10924, 5223, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15919022227442542, 'compression_ratio': 1.8316831683168318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032206750474870205}, {'id': 457, 'seek': 274088, 'start': 2747.52, 'end': 2753.12, 'text': " otherwise it's a waste right otherwise you're just misapplying it and so that's really this", 'tokens': [50696, 5911, 309, 311, 257, 5964, 558, 5911, 291, 434, 445, 3346, 1746, 7310, 309, 293, 370, 300, 311, 534, 341, 50976], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15919022227442542, 'compression_ratio': 1.8316831683168318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032206750474870205}, {'id': 458, 'seek': 274088, 'start': 2753.12, 'end': 2759.12, 'text': " what's the behavior that we want to change as an organization and what's that behavior change going to", 'tokens': [50976, 437, 311, 264, 5223, 300, 321, 528, 281, 1319, 382, 364, 4475, 293, 437, 311, 300, 5223, 1319, 516, 281, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15919022227442542, 'compression_ratio': 1.8316831683168318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032206750474870205}, {'id': 459, 'seek': 274088, 'start': 2759.12, 'end': 2766.2400000000002, 'text': " give us yes right otherwise there's no why am I using this new tool to get no benefit", 'tokens': [51276, 976, 505, 2086, 558, 5911, 456, 311, 572, 983, 669, 286, 1228, 341, 777, 2290, 281, 483, 572, 5121, 51632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15919022227442542, 'compression_ratio': 1.8316831683168318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032206750474870205}, {'id': 460, 'seek': 276624, 'start': 2767.12, 'end': 2773.3599999999997, 'text': " right so that's kind of what I was you know in this situation I'll leave that as probably an exercise", 'tokens': [50408, 558, 370, 300, 311, 733, 295, 437, 286, 390, 291, 458, 294, 341, 2590, 286, 603, 1856, 300, 382, 1391, 364, 5380, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21361353000005087, 'compression_ratio': 1.9339622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029294468462467194}, {'id': 461, 'seek': 276624, 'start': 2773.3599999999997, 'end': 2781.2, 'text': ' thinking but you could probably describe in hindsight you know hindsight 2020 and now you talk to your', 'tokens': [50720, 1953, 457, 291, 727, 1391, 6786, 294, 44357, 291, 458, 44357, 4808, 293, 586, 291, 751, 281, 428, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21361353000005087, 'compression_ratio': 1.9339622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029294468462467194}, {'id': 462, 'seek': 276624, 'start': 2781.2, 'end': 2786.16, 'text': " people okay here's what we achieve together now we are able to do this right we were doing it we were", 'tokens': [51112, 561, 1392, 510, 311, 437, 321, 4584, 1214, 586, 321, 366, 1075, 281, 360, 341, 558, 321, 645, 884, 309, 321, 645, 51360], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21361353000005087, 'compression_ratio': 1.9339622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029294468462467194}, {'id': 463, 'seek': 276624, 'start': 2786.16, 'end': 2793.4399999999996, 'text': " not only were we able to do it once but we're able to repeatedly do this right we were doing it we were", 'tokens': [51360, 406, 787, 645, 321, 1075, 281, 360, 309, 1564, 457, 321, 434, 1075, 281, 18227, 360, 341, 558, 321, 645, 884, 309, 321, 645, 51724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21361353000005087, 'compression_ratio': 1.9339622641509433, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029294468462467194}, {'id': 464, 'seek': 279344, 'start': 2793.44, 'end': 2799.2000000000003, 'text': " able to do it once but we're able to repeatedly do this and what's that going to give us because we", 'tokens': [50364, 1075, 281, 360, 309, 1564, 457, 321, 434, 1075, 281, 18227, 360, 341, 293, 437, 311, 300, 516, 281, 976, 505, 570, 321, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08197201093037923, 'compression_ratio': 1.9224806201550388, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03355218470096588}, {'id': 465, 'seek': 279344, 'start': 2799.2000000000003, 'end': 2802.7200000000003, 'text': " have all these assumptions as we go through it to the next step we're going to learn something new", 'tokens': [50652, 362, 439, 613, 17695, 382, 321, 352, 807, 309, 281, 264, 958, 1823, 321, 434, 516, 281, 1466, 746, 777, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08197201093037923, 'compression_ratio': 1.9224806201550388, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03355218470096588}, {'id': 466, 'seek': 279344, 'start': 2802.7200000000003, 'end': 2807.76, 'text': ' and have to oh readjust the situation and make a decision so my goal is like not only did you do it', 'tokens': [50828, 293, 362, 281, 1954, 1401, 3424, 264, 2590, 293, 652, 257, 3537, 370, 452, 3387, 307, 411, 406, 787, 630, 291, 360, 309, 51080], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08197201093037923, 'compression_ratio': 1.9224806201550388, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03355218470096588}, {'id': 467, 'seek': 279344, 'start': 2807.76, 'end': 2813.04, 'text': ' once but now as you move this that next step when you learn some stuff if you readjust the map and', 'tokens': [51080, 1564, 457, 586, 382, 291, 1286, 341, 300, 958, 1823, 562, 291, 1466, 512, 1507, 498, 291, 1401, 3424, 264, 4471, 293, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08197201093037923, 'compression_ratio': 1.9224806201550388, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03355218470096588}, {'id': 468, 'seek': 279344, 'start': 2813.04, 'end': 2819.36, 'text': " make decisions based on this pattern then we've won and if you hit a point where you're struggling", 'tokens': [51344, 652, 5327, 2361, 322, 341, 5102, 550, 321, 600, 1582, 293, 498, 291, 2045, 257, 935, 689, 291, 434, 9314, 51660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08197201093037923, 'compression_ratio': 1.9224806201550388, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03355218470096588}, {'id': 469, 'seek': 281936, 'start': 2819.36, 'end': 2827.1200000000003, 'text': " that's not happening give me a call right exactly you know you know it's it's not always obvious and", 'tokens': [50364, 300, 311, 406, 2737, 976, 385, 257, 818, 558, 2293, 291, 458, 291, 458, 309, 311, 309, 311, 406, 1009, 6322, 293, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11486536913579053, 'compression_ratio': 1.900473933649289, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021930476650595665}, {'id': 470, 'seek': 281936, 'start': 2827.1200000000003, 'end': 2832.96, 'text': " then I can get you unstuck and pretty soon you'll never need me right that's the promise that's the", 'tokens': [50752, 550, 286, 393, 483, 291, 18799, 1134, 293, 1238, 2321, 291, 603, 1128, 643, 385, 558, 300, 311, 264, 6228, 300, 311, 264, 51044], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11486536913579053, 'compression_ratio': 1.900473933649289, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021930476650595665}, {'id': 471, 'seek': 281936, 'start': 2832.96, 'end': 2843.1200000000003, 'text': " promise that's the value the map is not the value and it's really hard to uh to get that and so now", 'tokens': [51044, 6228, 300, 311, 264, 2158, 264, 4471, 307, 406, 264, 2158, 293, 309, 311, 534, 1152, 281, 2232, 281, 483, 300, 293, 370, 586, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11486536913579053, 'compression_ratio': 1.900473933649289, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021930476650595665}, {'id': 472, 'seek': 281936, 'start': 2843.1200000000003, 'end': 2847.04, 'text': " you have a good example now if you have flipped back and you're selling if you want to sell it right", 'tokens': [51552, 291, 362, 257, 665, 1365, 586, 498, 291, 362, 26273, 646, 293, 291, 434, 6511, 498, 291, 528, 281, 3607, 309, 558, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11486536913579053, 'compression_ratio': 1.900473933649289, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021930476650595665}, {'id': 473, 'seek': 284704, 'start': 2847.84, 'end': 2851.52, 'text': ' usually you sell it on pass this story is a pass they were stuck in a decision', 'tokens': [50404, 2673, 291, 3607, 309, 322, 1320, 341, 1657, 307, 257, 1320, 436, 645, 5541, 294, 257, 3537, 50588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08071152669078899, 'compression_ratio': 1.9190283400809716, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218389444053173}, {'id': 474, 'seek': 284704, 'start': 2851.52, 'end': 2855.52, 'text': ' now not only did they break through that decision but they have a pattern for future decisions', 'tokens': [50588, 586, 406, 787, 630, 436, 1821, 807, 300, 3537, 457, 436, 362, 257, 5102, 337, 2027, 5327, 50788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08071152669078899, 'compression_ratio': 1.9190283400809716, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218389444053173}, {'id': 475, 'seek': 284704, 'start': 2856.16, 'end': 2860.72, 'text': ' as they learn more so you can actually talk about now when they get into that like if you can actually', 'tokens': [50820, 382, 436, 1466, 544, 370, 291, 393, 767, 751, 466, 586, 562, 436, 483, 666, 300, 411, 498, 291, 393, 767, 51048], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08071152669078899, 'compression_ratio': 1.9190283400809716, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218389444053173}, {'id': 476, 'seek': 284704, 'start': 2860.72, 'end': 2865.44, 'text': ' keep an eye on that story and do that next step now when they could dug into it they realize some', 'tokens': [51048, 1066, 364, 3313, 322, 300, 1657, 293, 360, 300, 958, 1823, 586, 562, 436, 727, 22954, 666, 309, 436, 4325, 512, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08071152669078899, 'compression_ratio': 1.9190283400809716, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218389444053173}, {'id': 477, 'seek': 284704, 'start': 2865.44, 'end': 2870.64, 'text': " things if you can get that second level story now you've changed their behavior which is navigating", 'tokens': [51284, 721, 498, 291, 393, 483, 300, 1150, 1496, 1657, 586, 291, 600, 3105, 641, 5223, 597, 307, 32054, 51544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08071152669078899, 'compression_ratio': 1.9190283400809716, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005218389444053173}, {'id': 478, 'seek': 287064, 'start': 2870.72, 'end': 2877.2, 'text': " them to profit that's a sellable story that I suggest you're you're very close to having that", 'tokens': [50368, 552, 281, 7475, 300, 311, 257, 3607, 712, 1657, 300, 286, 3402, 291, 434, 291, 434, 588, 1998, 281, 1419, 300, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09241693475273217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7244444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024375900626182556}, {'id': 479, 'seek': 287064, 'start': 2877.2, 'end': 2882.56, 'text': " example not just one decision where I hold your hand but you've learned how to make strategic", 'tokens': [50692, 1365, 406, 445, 472, 3537, 689, 286, 1797, 428, 1011, 457, 291, 600, 3264, 577, 281, 652, 10924, 50960], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09241693475273217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7244444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024375900626182556}, {'id': 480, 'seek': 287064, 'start': 2882.56, 'end': 2892.7999999999997, 'text': " decisions in a way that's in your best interest very useful comments thank you thank you sorry if", 'tokens': [50960, 5327, 294, 257, 636, 300, 311, 294, 428, 1151, 1179, 588, 4420, 3053, 1309, 291, 1309, 291, 2597, 498, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09241693475273217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7244444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024375900626182556}, {'id': 481, 'seek': 287064, 'start': 2892.7999999999997, 'end': 2899.6, 'text': " you're taking so much time so we have five minutes to the next session thank you all for being patient", 'tokens': [51472, 291, 434, 1940, 370, 709, 565, 370, 321, 362, 1732, 2077, 281, 264, 958, 5481, 1309, 291, 439, 337, 885, 4537, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09241693475273217, 'compression_ratio': 1.7244444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024375900626182556}, {'id': 482, 'seek': 289960, 'start': 2899.6, 'end': 2911.04, 'text': ' with me and for all the comments that you have said hopefully see you soon thank you Chris bye', 'tokens': [50364, 365, 385, 293, 337, 439, 264, 3053, 300, 291, 362, 848, 4696, 536, 291, 2321, 1309, 291, 6688, 6543, 50936], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3529254106374887, 'compression_ratio': 1.2289156626506024, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008152671158313751}, {'id': 483, 'seek': 289960, 'start': 2912.24, 'end': 2913.44, 'text': ' bye bye', 'tokens': [50996, 6543, 6543, 51056], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3529254106374887, 'compression_ratio': 1.2289156626506024, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008152671158313751}], 'language': 'en'}, {'text': " So I've got 40 minutes, actually, probably about 38 minutes and 30 seconds now to go through this presentation. First of all, I run something called Map Camp, by the way, where we have mappers from all over the world. Mapping is used to save huge amounts of money in governments and big Silicon Valley companies. It's also used to save lives. But one of the things that we do with Map Camp is we do environmental sponsorship. So just a huge call out to Barry and Charlie, who were just on stage if you just missed them, who were talking about the whole Parkinson's disease and the trust fund around that. So I just want to say, if they're still in the audience, thank you very much and give a big round to them. Right, so introduction to orderly mapping. How many of you have heard of my form of mapping before? Wow, about a third. Fantastic. So I'm going to start off with the issue of strategy. I'm going to start at the very beginning, where mapping came from. Then we're heading south. I will talk about maps. I will talk about being trapped by context. Afterwards, I'll talk about patterns. And depending upon how much time we have left, we might get into serverless and other things that go wrong. OK, and things like how DevOps is the new legacy and all that sort of stuff as well. Can you hear me OK at the background? Right, super. So let's start with the issue of strategy. For me, this started with this company, Fetango, online photo service. 16 different lines of business, many millions of users. This was about 2003, 2004. Very profitable, revenue growing, but it had a problem. And that problem was this person. This was our CEO. And our CEO was a fake CEO. They didn't know what they were doing. They were making it up as they went along. Now I know this because I was the CEO. OK, we had like statements like this, our strategy is customer focus. We will lead an innovative effort in the market through our use of agile techniques and open source. This was 2003. But I'd simply pinched this from another company and just changed a few words. So I was a little bit worried people would rumble that I was clueless. So I used to go around with a tape recorder recording other CEOs talking about strategy. And I used to record the short words they used. I called them business level abstractions of a healthy strategy or blars for short. And these are the sort of common blars. They do this every few years. Digital business, big data, disruptive, innovative, collaborative, competitive, advantage ecosystem, blah, blah, blah. If I did it today, what words would you hear? Same ones. Same ones. Any additional new ones? Micro-T. AI, yes, right. AI, any others? Blockchain, yes. You can't do anything without a bit of blockchain. Yes, yes, yes, you would have that. So then I grabbed a whole bunch of companies, and I created strategy documents together, created what I called the Blar template. So our strategy is blah. We will lead a blah effort of the market through our use of blah and blah to build a blah. Then I combine the blahs and blah templates together, smash them together and auto-generate 64 random strategies. Things like this. Our strategy is customer focused. We will lead a disruptive effort of the market through our use of innovative social media and big data to build a collaborative cloud-based ecosystem. Oh, here, have money. Um... And things like this. Our strategy is innovative digital business. Anyway, they're just too painful. So I sent them around. I got 400 responses back, three basic types. Number one was, this is the exact wording from our business plan. Number two was, I've seen two of these used already, and the third of my favorite was, are you for hire? So anyway, a friend of mine has put this all online. This is strategy as a service. So if you... If you... If you ever need a strategy, just type in the URL. It will automatically generate you one based upon nothing whatsoever. If you wish, you can pretend there's a bit of an AI and blockchain behind it, if it makes you feel comfortable. So our strategy is collaborative. We will lead an open effort. Anyway, if you don't like it, pretty simple, just press refresh. Save is a fortune in consultancy fees. Anyway, so I started to think, oh, God, there must be more to this subject than this. So I started reading, and I was just getting nowhere. And then in a bookstore, a book seller said, have you read Sun Tzu? And I went, no, who's that? He said, well, you need to take two copies of the book because they're all translations. Anybody know what Sun Tzu wrote? The Art of War. So it was in the second translation, I noticed something about the two books. Sun Tzu talks about five factors that matter in competition. One, have a purpose, you're moral imperative. Two, understand the landscape you're competing in. Three, understand the climactic patterns so how the landscape is changing. Four, understand doctrine and principles of organization. Finally, you get into the leadership bit. I was quite excited by that. And then I came across John Boyd. Anybody heard of John Boyd? Oodleoos, perfect. So you're a US Air Force pilot, so you have the game, your purpose. The first though is to observe the environment, which is what landscape and climactic patterns are about. Then you orient yourself around it. That's what doctrine and principles are around. And then you decide where you're going to attack and then you act. I was quite excited. So I showed this to other people and they would go, yeah, yeah, yeah, strategy's all about the importance of why. But the problem with that statement is there are two ways. There's the why of purpose and the why of movement. And they are very different things. Anybody play chess? A few, right. So your why of purpose might be to win the game. Your why of movement is do I move this piece or that piece? And it's through movement and action that we actually learn. So we learn things like Falls Mate, assuming we can perceive the environment. It's a cycle. And the more you go around this, the better you get at playing this game. Now, here's the problem. If you can't see the landscape, you can't determine climactic patterns, you can't determine all you're left with is purpose, gut fill, and action. Which is how I ended up with this as my strategy document. Well, this is actually number two of the 64, but it was close enough. Right, so I then got into how do I understand the landscape I'm competing in? And that led me onto the subject of maps. So why maps? Right, this is a map of a Roman city. There's about 20 points of interest, there are five residential areas, and five military points of interest as well, military areas. If you try to describe every journey, going from A to B, and back again, with 25 words, that simple diagram, just simple path, A to B, would be about 870 paths, that's 20,000 words. If you try to describe every combination, that's approximately that number of Wikipedia's. That's a lot, okay? And that doesn't even cope with the fact that you can go and explore. So go off the beaten path. So the thing about maps is the great ways of condensing information. The powerful ways of exploring and explaining a landscape, more than stories are. But I still use stories for the simple things. Like to get to the temple, take a left at the Coliseum. But the problem with a story is if you disagree with my story, I get very angry at you. Err, what do you mean you have my story is wrong? In fact, we do this in business a lot because we tell everybody to be a good leader, you need to be a great storyteller. So it's not the story is ever wrong, it's that you failed as a storyteller. And if only you were a better storyteller. So when you challenge somebody's story, they get very upset. Whereas with a map, if I said to get to the Coliseum, go this way, I can go, well, we can go that way. And we have less of that sort of argument because now we're fighting over a map, not the story and not the person. So maps are also powerful ways of depersonalizing and taking the politics out of discussion. So what is a map? Right, Folkestone, London, Dover, M2M20, 115, 124 kilometers, roughly how far from Folkestone to Dover do you think? Yeah, it's about 12 kilometers. Right, because this is a graph, this is not a map, okay? These are two identical graphs, they're exactly the same. Now I'm going to do something magical, watch closely. These are two different maps, did you see what I did? Let me do it again. Did you see what I did? Yes, I added a compass, okay? And the difference between a graph and a map is basically space has meaning. So when you move a piece, it changes the meaning of a map in a way it doesn't in a graph. And because space has meaning, it means we can go and explore. So what do we have in business? I had loads of maps in business. I had mind maps, I had business process maps, I had systems maps, loads of them. So I've taken a system map that we had, customer photo storage website CRM. I shaded this box CRM, and I'm just going to move it. Now how's the map changed? Any ideas? Right, if I take an atlas and I move Sydney and put it next to London, does the map change? Right, has it changed here? Why not? Because it's a graph, not a map. The one amusing thing is all the things that we call maps in business tend to have one thing in common. Do you know what it is? They're not maps, they're graphs. I'm afraid we keep using that word and it doesn't mean what we think it means. Excellent, all right. So of course without maps we're back to gut feel and we're back to this sort of stuff. So what, we survive. It doesn't matter, I don't have a map, neither does... Who cares, I'm still successful? Well, business is a cat fight. And it's okay to be completely blind to the environment as long as everybody else is. It's all right to be useless, just as long as all your competitors are then no one gains an advantage. Now there's this wonderful study, it's not very popular, Marcus Vitzer used a very insti-composition into the impacts of CEOs, looked at about 13,000 CEOs, worked out their impact on the organisation was indistinguishable from random charts, which basically means you can take your board, just to round out, get some people off the street, not a problem at all. It's probably why it's not a very popular paper. Now just to emphasise this problem, this is the mystical, this ancient politician Greek general had a problem, Persians were invading, 140,000 to 170,000 Persians, we're not quite sure. What he decided to do was to block off the Straits of Artemisium, force the Persians along coastal road into Thermopylae, where a small number of troops, there were 4,000 Greeks, could defend against a larger force. Now there were 4,000 Greeks, including 300 Spartans. Right, so I want you to imagine you're part of the Athenian city state, it's the eve of battle, I am the mysticlyse, I am giving you purpose and moral imperative, and then I say to you, I do not understand the landscape, I do not understand the environment, I have no map, but have no fear, for I have created a SWAT diagram. Strength, a well-trained Spaan army, a high level of motivation not to become a Persian slave. Weenesses, the ethos might stop the Spartans turning up a truckload of Persians, are turning up, opportunities get rid of the Persians, get rid of the Spartans, we're an Athenian, we hate the Spartans, and threats is the, the Persians get rid of us, bad, and the Oracle says a really dodgy film might be produced a few thousand years later. So, what would you use to communicate, determine strategy and battle, position and movement described by a map or some sort of magic framework like a SWAT diagram? What would you use? A map. Right, what do we use in business? SWAT. SWAT, excellent, fantastic. So, how do you map a business, since we so insist on using graphs? Well, a map has certain characteristics, you have an anchor, you have the position of pieces relative to an anchor, and you have consistency of movement. So, if I wanna go from Thebes to Thermopylae, which direction would I go? Northwest, if I go Northwest from Thebes, end up in Athens, what does that tell me? The map's upside down. Or the compass is wrong. The map's upside down or the compass is wrong? One of those two, okay. So, I took a systems diagram, I said we need an anchor. So, I put the user at the top. We could have many anchors, we could have the business, regulators, we can have the users. Now, that's my, my anchor, those users have needs. So, in my case, they needed online image manipulation, online photo storage, printing out pictures. So, they had needs. But those things also had needs. So, what we can do is build a chain of needs. A website needs a runtime, needs compute, needs a data center, needs power. So, I've got an anchor, so I haven't got position though. Well, fortunately, a user using your website, that's more visible to them than the power you power your compute in your data center, which is used underneath the website is. So, you can use think of visibility like distance. This is near to them, that is far. And so, what we can do is do a partial ordered chain of needs. And I just put this axis on the side, it's completely, you know, it's just there as training wheels really scaffolding. It just means that as you go down, the stuff at the bottom is less visible than the stuff higher up to the people higher up. Right, so I've got anchor and position, I'm missing movement. Well, it turns out that capital evolves through a common pattern. So, you get the genesis of a novel and new things, custom built examples, then you get products and rental services, and eventually commodity and utility services. And that's all driven by supply and demand competition. So, what I can do is I can just put this in where it needs to be, and now I've got position and movement, I've got an anchor, and this is a map. And that was the first map I produced in 2005, 14 years ago. Okay, who cares? What does that matter? Very simple diagrams don't take much effort at all. One of our biggest problems is we're trapped by context. So, I'll give you, there's so many examples of this. I'll give you one from an insurance company. I'm not picking on particular insurance, if you want terrible, now government, by the way, is nowhere near as wasteful as the private sector. You wanna go and have a look at banks, I mean horrendous. Anyway, so, they had a process flow, they needed compute. So, they needed compute, order a server, and the server comes into goods in, they modify mount and racket. And they had a bottleneck here, in terms of the modifications and mounting. So, they came up with a plan to invest in robotics to get rid of the bottleneck, to make this process flow more efficient. They spent about six months, put a business case together, about $2 million investment, return investment, sub one year, all this sort of stuff. Lots of SWAT diagrams, fantastic. The problem is, if I start to challenge that story, they were like, oh, we need robots. So, I asked them, could you just spend 15 minutes, and let's just quickly map it. Remember, they'd spent six months on this. Okay, they started off with a user needs compute, they put computing product, I might disagree, but okay. They went order server, server goods in, all very commodity. And then they went rack mount modify. Gonna leave that there, just for about 30 seconds. Anybody noticed anything odd? Custom built racks, yes. I said, why have you got rack in custom built? And they said, oh, we have our own racks. What do you mean, we have a company who make our racks for us. Ah, what are the modifications you're making to servers then? Anybody wanna guess? Yeah, they don't fit into our racks. So, we have to take the cases off and drill new holes, add new plates, in order to get them to fit into the racks. Ah, and that's why you need robotics, yes. At this point, people are going, ah. Ha, ha, ha. Anybody got another solution? Use standard racks, okay. This is what we call evolutionary flow, taking out the custom built and using more commodity where it's available. What, and this is probably one of the most common problems I see, and I see billions spent on this, is people optimizing process flows, which are totally ineffective. Okay, they're making the ineffective far more efficient. In fact, what they should just be doing is using standard racks. And of course, once you do that, you can say, well, compute, we're an insurance company. Really? Come on, that should be over here. We should be more using cloud. That's the process flow we want. Do we wanna invest in robotics? What do you think? No. Another example, digital weighing scales. So, particular departments, it's all about weighing scales. They were really into, you know, we need digital transformation, because they were quite traditional in the sense. And what they mean by that is, they're actually an agency for another department, and they report once a month a figure. And that figure comes from weighing machines, which is weighing paper forms. So we produce so many paper forms, it's actually cheaper to weigh them up to count the number. I see, weigh the, how many forms, you use an algorithm to work out how many forms, rather than physically count them. And that's the figure they report back once a month. And of course, very manual process, so they wanted to use brand new spanking, digital scales, and connected to their system. Make it better, sounds sensible. All right, so that's where they started. And I said, well, do you mind if I just have a little bit of a look? And they went okay. So I said, where are the paper forms coming from? And they said they come from goods in. So I walked down to goods in and said, where are you getting your paper forms from? We're getting them from distribution sites all over the country. They're pretty standardized. Ah, okay. So I went to visit a distribution site. Where are you getting your paper forms from? Ah, we're printing them out. Right, you're printing out the paper forms, yes, which you're then sending to this other group. Right, and where are you printing them out from? Oh, from our website. Our users fill it online, and it goes into our CRM system, and then you print out the paper forms, yes, and you send this to this other group, yes. Do you know what they do with them? No, they weigh them. To work out how many you've printed out. And we've got distribution sites all over the country. Now, all of this stuff can be replaced with select count staff and table. Now, it's not that people are daft. It's just they're trapped by context, okay? So does digital weighing scales make sense there? No, of course it does. But the problem is people get trapped, so they're trying to make it efficient at the top, and they're trying to make it efficient in terms of printing forms out at the bottom. When you look at the whole thing, it's a horror show. So then we get into patterns. So once you start learning about the landscape and challenging others, et cetera, and questioning why we do stuff, you start to learn patterns like climactic patterns and doctrine, and eventually you get into gameplay, ways of manipulating the market. So climatic patterns are rules that influence the game. Simple things, like you've got a map, everything will evolve, supply and demand competition. It will evolve. It's a product now, it becomes a commodity. Another pattern you learn is we have inertia to that change, because of pre-existing capital, about 16 different forms of inertia. That can be really troublesome. Blockbuster, Netflix, who was first with the website? Blockbuster, who was first with video ordering online? Blockbuster, who was first with video streaming experiments? Blockbuster, who went bankrupt first? Why? They out-innovated everyone. So how did they go bankrupt? The CEO. Mm-hmm? The CEO, like you... Well, yeah, the CEO didn't know what they were doing. No, it's pre-existing business model. Absolutely, yeah, so the CEO, just like me. It was late fees. You remember late fees? One of these days I'm going to say this, and somebody's going to go, what's a video cassette recorder? Do you remember video cassette recorders and how you always promised to bring them back and you always forgot? Right, that's where they made most of their money, and you don't get that in streaming. So despite they out-innovated everybody else, that's what hit them. The next thing you learn is that as things evolve and become more efficient, they enable higher-order systems to appear. So electricity as a utility enables radio, television, all that sort of stuff. That's componentization, Herbert Simon's theory of hierarchy, pretty basic stuff. Now, we call this new area the adjacent unexplored, all exciting, all sort of new stuff. We don't know what's going to succeed, so ear be dragons, okay? Now, what also happens is those higher-order systems create new industries of worth or value. So you don't know whether it's going to be the box which does pictures, or whether it's going to be the refrigeration blanket. I mean, back then I would have gone refrigeration blanket. Everybody's going to want one of those. Turns out it was the box with moving pictures. But what you get is higher-order systems and they create new industries, Hollywood, television, media, et cetera. Okay, now the point about this is I can take a map, I can apply common economic patterns, and now I can see where to invest. Do I want to differentiate? Do I want to invest in runtime becoming a utility, or computers a utility, or wait till somebody else does the game and build on top? And this was our discussion in 2005. I thought it was going to be Google doing this bit. Turned out it was Amazon next year. But why not invest here? Well, this stuff is behind these inertia barriers. So I might think I want to do that because it improves process flow, but the one, the first rule you learn, manage the evolutionary flow before you manage the process flow. So that's what we did. We launched, we used this, we anticipated someone would play a utility game. So we built the first, what is now called a serverless environment, JavaScript front and back end, billing per function. We launched it in 2006. Amazon then launched, so we repositioned our system on top of Amazon. This was Zimki, grew like hotcakes. And so we had three projects going on, through mapping, 3D printing, use of mobile phones as cameras, and this platform of serverless, actually, cloud stuff. And that was growing like hotcakes. And then we had the big, expensive management consultants come in and explain to our parent company, you're getting it all wrong. The future is 3D TV. So we shut it all down, spent a billion dollars on 3D TV. Anybody have a 3D TV here? Do you use it? No. Anybody use one? Anybody use cloud? My mobile phone is a camera. 3D printing, yeah. You can see, I'm not a big fan of US based, large consultancy strategy firms. Anyway, so it didn't matter. I had a map and we'd learned how to map and use maps. And I thought everybody else in the world was doing this at that time. It took me many, many years to discover they weren't. So I used the techniques at Ubuntu. Anybody know what Ubuntu is? Yes? Right, so we mapped out the environment in 2008. We were about two to three percent of the operating system market. We used the map to attack the space. It cost me half a million. We're up against Microsoft and Red Hat to take 70% of all cloud in 18 months. Does anybody remember that 2008, 2010, where Ubuntu was like, you've not heard of it and then suddenly it was everywhere? Thank you, you were mapped. And then I wrote something called the better for less, which led to things like spin control and so forth and helped in the formation of something called government digital services. I worked with a chap called Liam Maxwell and others on the paper. We used a lot of mapping in government. And these days, mapping is spread to things like the UN, even into academic papers. LSC has got this paper on building situational awareness in the age of ecosystems. All right, so another set of patterns to talk about a doctrine. So these are universally applicable patterns. There are about 30 climactic patterns you use for anticipation. Most people are oblivious to all of this. There's 40 of these doctrines. So these are universally useful principles. So just to explain a couple, as things evolve, they become more efficient and then they enable higher order systems to appear, which then evolve. And as these things evolve, their characteristics change. So they start off in this uncharted space where it's chaotic, uncertain, unpredictable and ultimately become industrialized, ordered, known, measured, stable, standard and dull. Doesn't matter whether it's money or computing or penicillin, okay? Now because of this, we'd gone all agile as in extreme programming from Kempbeck's friend. We'd done that in 2002, 2003. Of course by 2004, we worked out it doesn't work everywhere. So agile in-house development is very good on the left-hand side of the map because it reduces the cost of change and changes the norm. Six Sigma's strong on the right-hand side because it's about reducing deviation and it turns out lean's good in the middle because it's about reducing waste. So you need multiple methods, i.e. there's no one-size-fits-all. But if you say not agile everywhere these days, people go burn in heretic. But I used to say this like 10 years ago at Six Sigma conferences and it was burn in heretic. It's all the same. And it's the same with purchasing, time material, outcome, COTSFIX, unit utility. There's not one purchasing mechanism. So give you an example, HS2, high-speed rail, James Finley, CIO. This is building HS2 in a virtual world because it turns out if you dig up a virtual world and go, whoops, we got that wrong, it's cheaper than digging up the English countryside. So they decide to build the entire railway in a virtual world. So this is the systems diagram for it. Big problem, should I outsource it all? Should I use off-the-shelf products? Should I build it in-house with agile techniques? Or should I use some combination of all three? Now the problem with the combination of all three is there are about 387 million permutations on that one single diagram alone. So which one do I pick? So James was having a cup of tea on a Sunday in his garden, drew a map, sent it to me, we refined it, that's what the map looks like. And now it's easy. You outsource the stuff on them, right? You build with off-the-shelf products in the middle and you build agile in-house techniques on the left. All right, use multiple techniques. He ended up in front of the public accounts committee because they were head of schedule, under budget. That was amazing. And then they had a new chief executive found it all too complex, so anyway. So James, I'll tell you what James is doing these days, quite fun anyway. So you use a map and use multiple methods on it. Now vendors hate this by the way, if you do this. Vendors would prefer you not to break it down into components, but in fact to treat it all as one thing, like you outsource it all. And the reason why they want you to do that, so I've taken a map and I've said, we'll outsource it all, is because you being good people want to have a specification document because you want to know what's being delivered, all right? Well, that's fine for the stuff over here, which is well understood, well defined, so it can be defined and efficiently delivered. But what's gonna happen to the stuff over here? Do you remember I said it's more chaotic, uncertain? It's going to change. And therefore, you are going to be hammered with excessive change control costs. It's basically a scam. And it's great because when the problem occurs and you're saying, why is my 200 million pound project cost 600 million, I go, it's all your fault. What do you mean it's all my fault? Well, all the bits that were delivered efficiently are the bits that you didn't change your mind on. It's all the bits that you kept on changing your mind on that cost the money, so it's all your fault. Well, the joke of course is you couldn't actually specify those bits in the first place. You should have used a different method. Now, the worst case scenario is when somebody on your own team suddenly goes, next time we need to specify it better, now you are doomed. OK? You are putty in the hands of people who want to exploit you. So remember, think small, break things down, use appropriate methods. James, by the way, has gone on use mapping at the RNLI. They've got the call out times from about 12 minutes down to 18 seconds. What that means is when you fall in the Thames, rather than them turning up and dragging out a dead body, they're actually saving lives. So good old James. So quick practice. Anybody from finance here? Yes? Is it fair to say that a lot of IT is a bit elvish? That's a different language. Yes, right, we'll take that analogy. Good. We're going to do a self-driving car in elvish. So I'm going to be IT and you're all going to be finance. So I'm going to give you a systems diagram all in elvish. And now I'm going to ask you questions. Should we outsource or build our own? A, B, what do you think? Go on, give us some response. We want to collaborate. We want to work together. We want to get alignment. A, should we outsource or build our own? What do you think? Get some consultants to tell you a huge amount of money. How's that going to help you? Right, OK. Anybody else? Any more sensible suggestions? Outsource it to someone who can translate elvish. Outsource it to someone who can translate elvish. OK, fine. Right, I'm going to give you exactly the same systems diagram, but now as a map. All right, so should we outsource or build in house B? Should we outsource or build in house A? Simple. I haven't even translated it back into English. And we're now actually able to work together. So at this point, somebody goes, oh, it doesn't matter. Agile will evolve to be everywhere, because this happens with Six Sigma. And I will talk about social practice theory and Elizabeth Show. Well worth reading this stuff. So I said the line on the value chain axis was scaffolding, training wills. I'm going to take it away. Agile as a method has evolved. And it's very good at building things in that stage of evolution. But those things, whatever they are, also evolve. And lean has evolved to become very good at dealing with the stuff in the middle. And Six Sigma has evolved to become very good at dealing with the stuff at the right. So what you've got are multiple meanings of the term project methodology. And these are different competencies of project methodology. They're all project methodology. They're just different competencies. And this thing, whatever it is, has a meaning, but it has different material. So what I mean by that is that is not the same as that, so the first-ever computer is not like service as a product, is not like service as a utility. And what you've got are different competencies, are good, are different material. Make sense? Good, right. So what we try and do is make one competence work everywhere. Oh, great. And we do this by co-opting stuff, suited to other areas, and smashing into this to make it the all-seeing, all-dancing, it'll work everywhere method. And of course, when you use it, it doesn't work everywhere. And what people say is you use the wrong bits of it. You're over here, you should have been using these bits. Over there, you should have been using it, but they never tell you at the beginning. So what we end up with is when it's failed, we say use the wrong bits of the process, i.e. we start blaming the people over the process. And what's agile all about? We start saying the process is right, it's the people are wrong, and agile is all about people, over process. So agile is fast becoming anti-agile, or a cult. One of those two, you can pick either. It has a particular material that it's worth, and then people say this to me, we'll do both, we'll become bimodal. Has anybody heard of bimodal? Has anybody been foolish enough to do this? And who's willing to omit it? Right. So back in Vatango, this is how I used to organize. There's me at the top. I used to have CIO, CFO, and different lines of business, well, business devs, ops, so forth. And we used to have lots of fights. And so I thought, well, what we need to do is we need to get people together. So I built small teams. I had product owners. What do you think the net result of that was? Yeah, more fights. Now within these teams. And I was like, what's going on? And then I realized that we were building some stuff, which was like novel and new, and some stuff which seemed to be more core. I didn't have mapping at the time. This was about 2003, something like that. And so what I did is I split the organization, all of this, into dev core, dev core, dev core, dev core, dev core. So we need two pups. What do you think the net result was? All out warfare. So what was happening, and I could explain it a year later when I had mapping, is core was building these new core services. Dev was building new proposals on top. That stuff was evolving. And then dev would get a core and say, you look after this. And core would go, where's the documentation? And they would go, burn inheriting. Blah! And so what would then happen is dev, and nothing was evolving, dev would go and build new things on top of dev. And so what was happening was I was getting increasing instability in this system and all out warfare between the groups because I had this missing middle. That bit in the middle, which sort of had existed before I basically taking my structure and polarize it, I diminished it. You either core or dev. There was no one in the middle. So I reorganized the entire company into chief pioneers, chief settlers, chief town planners. Because I realized I need three critical types of attitude, three critical different types of people. I didn't matter whether it was engineering, marketing, finance. And so what we ended up was aptitudes going across, like finance and marketing and aptitude, attitudes going up and down. So now we'd build products, product owners and small teams, all with the same attitude. And then what would happen is we introduced what was known as the system of theft. So the settlers would invade the pioneering group. So the pioneers are doing something exciting. And the settlers were really good at taking exciting and making it really useful. So they would invade and steal it, forcing the pioneers to get on with more pioneering. And then the town planners, seeing the settlers' product becoming successful, would come in and steal it. Because the town planners were great at industrializing things. They're like the Amazons of this world. Brilliant, and that sort of stuff. So what we introduced was the system of theft, which worked very well. And the fight stopped. Now in order to do that, you have to first of all have to go through. There's about 40 pieces of doctrine, so we haven't got time. But basically, you start with a map, you break it down into small components, and then you use small teams. Then you can apply multiple attitudes, and you discover that there's no such thing as one size. If it's all culture, either, blah, do blah. And it's through the system of theft that you actually manage the evolution of stuff. But we don't have time. So all I'm going to do is give a shout out to GCHQ. There's a wonderful document. It's totally available. You can go and read it yourself. Boiling frogs. You'll read all about that three-party structure and how to cope with constant change, innovation, and destruction. So recap. Sighted off with strategy. Where I was going, what I was going, wrong. I talked about the lack of maps, why maps mattered. Talked about being trapped by context. That's one of the most common problems I find. We do stuff. We don't think about why we're doing stuff, because we've got no way of visualizing the context. And then we talked about some basic patterns used for anticipation and so forth. So if there's some things we get wrong, well, we've only got a minute left. So I'll have to leave that to another day. This is a cycle. The more you do it, the better you get at this. No map is a perfect representation of the space. They're all imperfect. They're all models. If I wanted to produce a perfect map of France, what scale would it be? One to one, which means it would be the size of France. OK, so as a map, that's not very useful. So all maps are imperfect representations of a space. But they're great tools for learning as long as they are maps, not graphs. All of this stuff is Creative Commons, has been for 14 years, Medium.com, Wardley Maps. There's entire communities online. We have MapCamp with about 650 mapers all over the world. All sorts of organizations are doing interesting stuff with this. Help yourself. And at that point, I'll say thank you. APPLAUSE", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 12.16, 'text': " So I've got 40 minutes, actually, probably about 38 minutes and 30 seconds now to go", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 600, 658, 3356, 2077, 11, 767, 11, 1391, 466, 12843, 2077, 293, 2217, 3949, 586, 281, 352, 50972], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19307027238138605, 'compression_ratio': 1.4869565217391305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1938372105360031}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 12.16, 'end': 13.84, 'text': ' through this presentation.', 'tokens': [50972, 807, 341, 5860, 13, 51056], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19307027238138605, 'compression_ratio': 1.4869565217391305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1938372105360031}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 13.84, 'end': 18.8, 'text': ' First of all, I run something called Map Camp, by the way, where we have mappers from all', 'tokens': [51056, 2386, 295, 439, 11, 286, 1190, 746, 1219, 22053, 9189, 11, 538, 264, 636, 11, 689, 321, 362, 463, 15226, 490, 439, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19307027238138605, 'compression_ratio': 1.4869565217391305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1938372105360031}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 0, 'start': 18.8, 'end': 19.8, 'text': ' over the world.', 'tokens': [51304, 670, 264, 1002, 13, 51354], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19307027238138605, 'compression_ratio': 1.4869565217391305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1938372105360031}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 0, 'start': 19.8, 'end': 25.0, 'text': ' Mapping is used to save huge amounts of money in governments and big Silicon Valley companies.', 'tokens': [51354, 376, 10534, 307, 1143, 281, 3155, 2603, 11663, 295, 1460, 294, 11280, 293, 955, 25351, 10666, 3431, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19307027238138605, 'compression_ratio': 1.4869565217391305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1938372105360031}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 0, 'start': 25.0, 'end': 27.2, 'text': " It's also used to save lives.", 'tokens': [51614, 467, 311, 611, 1143, 281, 3155, 2909, 13, 51724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19307027238138605, 'compression_ratio': 1.4869565217391305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1938372105360031}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 27.2, 'end': 30.8, 'text': ' But one of the things that we do with Map Camp is we do environmental sponsorship.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 472, 295, 264, 721, 300, 321, 360, 365, 22053, 9189, 307, 321, 360, 8303, 42922, 13, 50544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 30.8, 'end': 37.64, 'text': ' So just a huge call out to Barry and Charlie, who were just on stage if you just missed', 'tokens': [50544, 407, 445, 257, 2603, 818, 484, 281, 21639, 293, 13754, 11, 567, 645, 445, 322, 3233, 498, 291, 445, 6721, 50886], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 37.64, 'end': 43.239999999999995, 'text': " them, who were talking about the whole Parkinson's disease and the trust fund around that.", 'tokens': [50886, 552, 11, 567, 645, 1417, 466, 264, 1379, 35823, 311, 4752, 293, 264, 3361, 2374, 926, 300, 13, 51166], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 43.239999999999995, 'end': 46.56, 'text': " So I just want to say, if they're still in the audience, thank you very much and give", 'tokens': [51166, 407, 286, 445, 528, 281, 584, 11, 498, 436, 434, 920, 294, 264, 4034, 11, 1309, 291, 588, 709, 293, 976, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 46.56, 'end': 49.56, 'text': ' a big round to them.', 'tokens': [51332, 257, 955, 3098, 281, 552, 13, 51482], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 49.56, 'end': 54.0, 'text': ' Right, so introduction to orderly mapping.', 'tokens': [51482, 1779, 11, 370, 9339, 281, 1668, 356, 18350, 13, 51704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 2720, 'start': 54.0, 'end': 56.72, 'text': ' How many of you have heard of my form of mapping before?', 'tokens': [51704, 1012, 867, 295, 291, 362, 2198, 295, 452, 1254, 295, 18350, 949, 30, 51840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1887794335683187, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00157812493853271}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 57.16, 'end': 60.16, 'text': ' Wow, about a third.', 'tokens': [50386, 3153, 11, 466, 257, 2636, 13, 50536], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 60.16, 'end': 61.4, 'text': ' Fantastic.', 'tokens': [50536, 21320, 13, 50598], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 61.4, 'end': 65.12, 'text': " So I'm going to start off with the issue of strategy.", 'tokens': [50598, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 722, 766, 365, 264, 2734, 295, 5206, 13, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 65.12, 'end': 68.0, 'text': " I'm going to start at the very beginning, where mapping came from.", 'tokens': [50784, 286, 478, 516, 281, 722, 412, 264, 588, 2863, 11, 689, 18350, 1361, 490, 13, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 68.0, 'end': 69.44, 'text': " Then we're heading south.", 'tokens': [50928, 1396, 321, 434, 9864, 7377, 13, 51000], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 69.44, 'end': 71.52, 'text': ' I will talk about maps.', 'tokens': [51000, 286, 486, 751, 466, 11317, 13, 51104], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 71.52, 'end': 74.64, 'text': ' I will talk about being trapped by context.', 'tokens': [51104, 286, 486, 751, 466, 885, 14994, 538, 4319, 13, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 74.64, 'end': 77.12, 'text': " Afterwards, I'll talk about patterns.", 'tokens': [51260, 41357, 11, 286, 603, 751, 466, 8294, 13, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 77.12, 'end': 81.96000000000001, 'text': ' And depending upon how much time we have left, we might get into serverless and other things', 'tokens': [51384, 400, 5413, 3564, 577, 709, 565, 321, 362, 1411, 11, 321, 1062, 483, 666, 7154, 1832, 293, 661, 721, 51626], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 5672, 'start': 81.96000000000001, 'end': 83.2, 'text': ' that go wrong.', 'tokens': [51626, 300, 352, 2085, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2245250701904297, 'compression_ratio': 1.6428571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0012249272549524903}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 83.56, 'end': 88.8, 'text': ' OK, and things like how DevOps is the new legacy and all that sort of stuff as well.', 'tokens': [50382, 2264, 11, 293, 721, 411, 577, 43051, 307, 264, 777, 11711, 293, 439, 300, 1333, 295, 1507, 382, 731, 13, 50644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 88.8, 'end': 90.72, 'text': ' Can you hear me OK at the background?', 'tokens': [50644, 1664, 291, 1568, 385, 2264, 412, 264, 3678, 30, 50740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 90.72, 'end': 92.36, 'text': ' Right, super.', 'tokens': [50740, 1779, 11, 1687, 13, 50822], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 92.36, 'end': 95.16, 'text': " So let's start with the issue of strategy.", 'tokens': [50822, 407, 718, 311, 722, 365, 264, 2734, 295, 5206, 13, 50962], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 95.16, 'end': 99.04, 'text': ' For me, this started with this company, Fetango, online photo service.', 'tokens': [50962, 1171, 385, 11, 341, 1409, 365, 341, 2237, 11, 479, 302, 17150, 11, 2950, 5052, 2643, 13, 51156], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 99.04, 'end': 103.76, 'text': ' 16 different lines of business, many millions of users.', 'tokens': [51156, 3165, 819, 3876, 295, 1606, 11, 867, 6803, 295, 5022, 13, 51392], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 103.76, 'end': 106.76, 'text': ' This was about 2003, 2004.', 'tokens': [51392, 639, 390, 466, 16416, 11, 15817, 13, 51542], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 106.76, 'end': 110.36, 'text': ' Very profitable, revenue growing, but it had a problem.', 'tokens': [51542, 4372, 21608, 11, 9324, 4194, 11, 457, 309, 632, 257, 1154, 13, 51722], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 8320, 'start': 110.36, 'end': 112.80000000000001, 'text': ' And that problem was this person.', 'tokens': [51722, 400, 300, 1154, 390, 341, 954, 13, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21391597976032486, 'compression_ratio': 1.4946996466431095, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001249265973456204}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 112.92, 'end': 115.24, 'text': ' This was our CEO.', 'tokens': [50370, 639, 390, 527, 9282, 13, 50486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 115.24, 'end': 118.0, 'text': ' And our CEO was a fake CEO.', 'tokens': [50486, 400, 527, 9282, 390, 257, 7592, 9282, 13, 50624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 118.0, 'end': 119.44, 'text': " They didn't know what they were doing.", 'tokens': [50624, 814, 994, 380, 458, 437, 436, 645, 884, 13, 50696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 119.44, 'end': 122.12, 'text': ' They were making it up as they went along.', 'tokens': [50696, 814, 645, 1455, 309, 493, 382, 436, 1437, 2051, 13, 50830], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 122.12, 'end': 124.72, 'text': ' Now I know this because I was the CEO.', 'tokens': [50830, 823, 286, 458, 341, 570, 286, 390, 264, 9282, 13, 50960], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 127.36, 'end': 131.6, 'text': ' OK, we had like statements like this, our strategy is customer focus.', 'tokens': [51092, 2264, 11, 321, 632, 411, 12363, 411, 341, 11, 527, 5206, 307, 5474, 1879, 13, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 131.6, 'end': 136.8, 'text': ' We will lead an innovative effort in the market through our use of agile techniques and open source.', 'tokens': [51304, 492, 486, 1477, 364, 12999, 4630, 294, 264, 2142, 807, 527, 764, 295, 30072, 7512, 293, 1269, 4009, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 11280, 'start': 136.8, 'end': 138.64, 'text': ' This was 2003.', 'tokens': [51564, 639, 390, 16416, 13, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28092867014359457, 'compression_ratio': 1.543859649122807, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0014556861715391278}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 138.64, 'end': 143.0, 'text': " But I'd simply pinched this from another company and just changed a few words.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 286, 1116, 2935, 14614, 292, 341, 490, 1071, 2237, 293, 445, 3105, 257, 1326, 2283, 13, 50582], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 143.0, 'end': 146.83999999999997, 'text': ' So I was a little bit worried people would rumble that I was clueless.', 'tokens': [50582, 407, 286, 390, 257, 707, 857, 5804, 561, 576, 8347, 638, 300, 286, 390, 596, 3483, 442, 13, 50774], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 146.83999999999997, 'end': 152.48, 'text': ' So I used to go around with a tape recorder recording other CEOs talking about strategy.', 'tokens': [50774, 407, 286, 1143, 281, 352, 926, 365, 257, 7314, 37744, 6613, 661, 40736, 1417, 466, 5206, 13, 51056], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 152.48, 'end': 155.2, 'text': ' And I used to record the short words they used.', 'tokens': [51056, 400, 286, 1143, 281, 2136, 264, 2099, 2283, 436, 1143, 13, 51192], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 155.2, 'end': 161.51999999999998, 'text': ' I called them business level abstractions of a healthy strategy or blars for short.', 'tokens': [51192, 286, 1219, 552, 1606, 1496, 12649, 626, 295, 257, 4627, 5206, 420, 888, 685, 337, 2099, 13, 51508], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 161.51999999999998, 'end': 162.95999999999998, 'text': ' And these are the sort of common blars.', 'tokens': [51508, 400, 613, 366, 264, 1333, 295, 2689, 888, 685, 13, 51580], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 13864, 'start': 162.95999999999998, 'end': 165.11999999999998, 'text': ' They do this every few years.', 'tokens': [51580, 814, 360, 341, 633, 1326, 924, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.124074421097747, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005790426395833492}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 165.16, 'end': 169.56, 'text': ' Digital business, big data, disruptive, innovative, collaborative, competitive,', 'tokens': [50366, 15522, 1606, 11, 955, 1412, 11, 37865, 11, 12999, 11, 16555, 11, 10043, 11, 50586], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 169.56, 'end': 172.72, 'text': ' advantage ecosystem, blah, blah, blah.', 'tokens': [50586, 5002, 11311, 11, 12288, 11, 12288, 11, 12288, 13, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 172.72, 'end': 175.52, 'text': ' If I did it today, what words would you hear?', 'tokens': [50744, 759, 286, 630, 309, 965, 11, 437, 2283, 576, 291, 1568, 30, 50884], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 175.52, 'end': 176.76, 'text': ' Same ones.', 'tokens': [50884, 10635, 2306, 13, 50946], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 176.76, 'end': 179.20000000000002, 'text': ' Same ones. Any additional new ones?', 'tokens': [50946, 10635, 2306, 13, 2639, 4497, 777, 2306, 30, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 179.20000000000002, 'end': 180.84, 'text': ' Micro-T.', 'tokens': [51068, 25642, 12, 51, 13, 51150], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 180.84, 'end': 182.16, 'text': ' AI, yes, right.', 'tokens': [51150, 7318, 11, 2086, 11, 558, 13, 51216], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 182.16, 'end': 184.4, 'text': ' AI, any others?', 'tokens': [51216, 7318, 11, 604, 2357, 30, 51328], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 184.4, 'end': 185.52, 'text': ' Blockchain, yes.', 'tokens': [51328, 48916, 11, 2086, 13, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 185.52, 'end': 188.92000000000002, 'text': " You can't do anything without a bit of blockchain.", 'tokens': [51384, 509, 393, 380, 360, 1340, 1553, 257, 857, 295, 17176, 13, 51554], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 188.92000000000002, 'end': 191.08, 'text': ' Yes, yes, yes, you would have that.', 'tokens': [51554, 1079, 11, 2086, 11, 2086, 11, 291, 576, 362, 300, 13, 51662], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 16512, 'start': 191.08, 'end': 192.84, 'text': ' So then I grabbed a whole bunch of companies,', 'tokens': [51662, 407, 550, 286, 18607, 257, 1379, 3840, 295, 3431, 11, 51750], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.30188456589613505, 'compression_ratio': 1.608, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013249991461634636}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 192.88, 'end': 194.76, 'text': ' and I created strategy documents together,', 'tokens': [50366, 293, 286, 2942, 5206, 8512, 1214, 11, 50460], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 194.76, 'end': 196.88, 'text': ' created what I called the Blar template.', 'tokens': [50460, 2942, 437, 286, 1219, 264, 2177, 289, 12379, 13, 50566], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 196.88, 'end': 198.4, 'text': ' So our strategy is blah.', 'tokens': [50566, 407, 527, 5206, 307, 12288, 13, 50642], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 198.4, 'end': 202.36, 'text': ' We will lead a blah effort of the market through our use of blah and blah to build a blah.', 'tokens': [50642, 492, 486, 1477, 257, 12288, 4630, 295, 264, 2142, 807, 527, 764, 295, 12288, 293, 12288, 281, 1322, 257, 12288, 13, 50840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 202.36, 'end': 205.2, 'text': ' Then I combine the blahs and blah templates together,', 'tokens': [50840, 1396, 286, 10432, 264, 12288, 82, 293, 12288, 21165, 1214, 11, 50982], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 205.2, 'end': 209.92000000000002, 'text': ' smash them together and auto-generate 64 random strategies.', 'tokens': [50982, 17960, 552, 1214, 293, 8399, 12, 21848, 473, 12145, 4974, 9029, 13, 51218], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 211.12, 'end': 212.44, 'text': ' Things like this.', 'tokens': [51278, 9514, 411, 341, 13, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 212.44, 'end': 214.28, 'text': ' Our strategy is customer focused.', 'tokens': [51344, 2621, 5206, 307, 5474, 5178, 13, 51436], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 19284, 'start': 214.28, 'end': 219.36, 'text': ' We will lead a disruptive effort of the market through our use of innovative social media', 'tokens': [51436, 492, 486, 1477, 257, 37865, 4630, 295, 264, 2142, 807, 527, 764, 295, 12999, 2093, 3021, 51690], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.36514725003923687, 'compression_ratio': 1.9279661016949152, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008613013662397861}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 219.36, 'end': 222.92000000000002, 'text': ' and big data to build a collaborative cloud-based ecosystem.', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 955, 1412, 281, 1322, 257, 16555, 4588, 12, 6032, 11311, 13, 50542], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 222.92000000000002, 'end': 224.68, 'text': ' Oh, here, have money.', 'tokens': [50542, 876, 11, 510, 11, 362, 1460, 13, 50630], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 224.68, 'end': 225.68, 'text': ' Um...', 'tokens': [50630, 3301, 485, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 227.68, 'end': 228.68, 'text': ' And things like this.', 'tokens': [50780, 400, 721, 411, 341, 13, 50830], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 228.68, 'end': 231.12, 'text': ' Our strategy is innovative digital business.', 'tokens': [50830, 2621, 5206, 307, 12999, 4562, 1606, 13, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 231.12, 'end': 233.16000000000003, 'text': " Anyway, they're just too painful.", 'tokens': [50952, 5684, 11, 436, 434, 445, 886, 11697, 13, 51054], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 233.16000000000003, 'end': 234.24, 'text': ' So I sent them around.', 'tokens': [51054, 407, 286, 2279, 552, 926, 13, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 234.24, 'end': 237.12, 'text': ' I got 400 responses back, three basic types.', 'tokens': [51108, 286, 658, 8423, 13019, 646, 11, 1045, 3875, 3467, 13, 51252], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 237.12, 'end': 240.48000000000002, 'text': ' Number one was, this is the exact wording from our business plan.', 'tokens': [51252, 5118, 472, 390, 11, 341, 307, 264, 1900, 47602, 490, 527, 1606, 1393, 13, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 242.12, 'end': 245.24, 'text': " Number two was, I've seen two of these used already,", 'tokens': [51502, 5118, 732, 390, 11, 286, 600, 1612, 732, 295, 613, 1143, 1217, 11, 51658], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 21936, 'start': 245.24, 'end': 248.36, 'text': ' and the third of my favorite was, are you for hire?', 'tokens': [51658, 293, 264, 2636, 295, 452, 2954, 390, 11, 366, 291, 337, 11158, 30, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32801227569580077, 'compression_ratio': 1.539568345323741, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01099275890737772}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 249.84, 'end': 252.48000000000002, 'text': ' So anyway, a friend of mine has put this all online.', 'tokens': [50388, 407, 4033, 11, 257, 1277, 295, 3892, 575, 829, 341, 439, 2950, 13, 50520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 252.48000000000002, 'end': 254.76000000000002, 'text': ' This is strategy as a service.', 'tokens': [50520, 639, 307, 5206, 382, 257, 2643, 13, 50634], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 254.76000000000002, 'end': 255.76000000000002, 'text': ' So if you...', 'tokens': [50634, 407, 498, 291, 485, 50684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 255.76000000000002, 'end': 256.76, 'text': ' If you...', 'tokens': [50684, 759, 291, 485, 50734], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 258.44, 'end': 261.72, 'text': ' If you ever need a strategy, just type in the URL.', 'tokens': [50818, 759, 291, 1562, 643, 257, 5206, 11, 445, 2010, 294, 264, 12905, 13, 50982], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 261.72, 'end': 266.40000000000003, 'text': ' It will automatically generate you one based upon nothing whatsoever.', 'tokens': [50982, 467, 486, 6772, 8460, 291, 472, 2361, 3564, 1825, 17076, 13, 51216], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 266.40000000000003, 'end': 269.52000000000004, 'text': " If you wish, you can pretend there's a bit of an AI and blockchain behind it,", 'tokens': [51216, 759, 291, 3172, 11, 291, 393, 11865, 456, 311, 257, 857, 295, 364, 7318, 293, 17176, 2261, 309, 11, 51372], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 269.52000000000004, 'end': 271.68, 'text': ' if it makes you feel comfortable.', 'tokens': [51372, 498, 309, 1669, 291, 841, 4619, 13, 51480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 271.68, 'end': 273.48, 'text': ' So our strategy is collaborative.', 'tokens': [51480, 407, 527, 5206, 307, 16555, 13, 51570], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 273.48, 'end': 274.84000000000003, 'text': ' We will lead an open effort.', 'tokens': [51570, 492, 486, 1477, 364, 1269, 4630, 13, 51638], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 24936, 'start': 274.84000000000003, 'end': 278.76, 'text': " Anyway, if you don't like it, pretty simple, just press refresh.", 'tokens': [51638, 5684, 11, 498, 291, 500, 380, 411, 309, 11, 1238, 2199, 11, 445, 1886, 15134, 13, 51834], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2145431371835562, 'compression_ratio': 1.6443661971830985, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005578482523560524}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 278.96, 'end': 281.59999999999997, 'text': ' Save is a fortune in consultancy fees.', 'tokens': [50374, 15541, 307, 257, 16531, 294, 7189, 6717, 13370, 13, 50506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 282.84, 'end': 284.92, 'text': ' Anyway, so I started to think,', 'tokens': [50568, 5684, 11, 370, 286, 1409, 281, 519, 11, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 284.92, 'end': 287.59999999999997, 'text': ' oh, God, there must be more to this subject than this.', 'tokens': [50672, 1954, 11, 1265, 11, 456, 1633, 312, 544, 281, 341, 3983, 813, 341, 13, 50806], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 287.59999999999997, 'end': 290.71999999999997, 'text': ' So I started reading, and I was just getting nowhere.', 'tokens': [50806, 407, 286, 1409, 3760, 11, 293, 286, 390, 445, 1242, 11159, 13, 50962], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 290.71999999999997, 'end': 292.84, 'text': ' And then in a bookstore, a book seller said,', 'tokens': [50962, 400, 550, 294, 257, 43478, 11, 257, 1446, 23600, 848, 11, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 292.84, 'end': 294.68, 'text': ' have you read Sun Tzu?', 'tokens': [51068, 362, 291, 1401, 6163, 314, 11728, 30, 51160], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 294.68, 'end': 296.56, 'text': " And I went, no, who's that?", 'tokens': [51160, 400, 286, 1437, 11, 572, 11, 567, 311, 300, 30, 51254], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 296.56, 'end': 298.28, 'text': ' He said, well, you need to take two copies of the book', 'tokens': [51254, 634, 848, 11, 731, 11, 291, 643, 281, 747, 732, 14341, 295, 264, 1446, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 298.28, 'end': 299.88, 'text': " because they're all translations.", 'tokens': [51340, 570, 436, 434, 439, 37578, 13, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 299.88, 'end': 301.88, 'text': ' Anybody know what Sun Tzu wrote?', 'tokens': [51420, 19082, 458, 437, 6163, 314, 11728, 4114, 30, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 302.76, 'end': 303.88, 'text': ' The Art of War.', 'tokens': [51564, 440, 5735, 295, 3630, 13, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 303.88, 'end': 305.28, 'text': ' So it was in the second translation,', 'tokens': [51620, 407, 309, 390, 294, 264, 1150, 12853, 11, 51690], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 27876, 'start': 305.28, 'end': 307.84, 'text': ' I noticed something about the two books.', 'tokens': [51690, 286, 5694, 746, 466, 264, 732, 3642, 13, 51818], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22496671934385556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6838487972508591, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0052033462561666965}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 307.88, 'end': 312.23999999999995, 'text': ' Sun Tzu talks about five factors that matter in competition.', 'tokens': [50366, 6163, 314, 11728, 6686, 466, 1732, 6771, 300, 1871, 294, 6211, 13, 50584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 312.23999999999995, 'end': 314.71999999999997, 'text': " One, have a purpose, you're moral imperative.", 'tokens': [50584, 1485, 11, 362, 257, 4334, 11, 291, 434, 9723, 32490, 13, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 314.71999999999997, 'end': 317.76, 'text': " Two, understand the landscape you're competing in.", 'tokens': [50708, 4453, 11, 1223, 264, 9661, 291, 434, 15439, 294, 13, 50860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 317.76, 'end': 320.52, 'text': ' Three, understand the climactic patterns', 'tokens': [50860, 6244, 11, 1223, 264, 5644, 19892, 8294, 50998], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 320.52, 'end': 322.76, 'text': ' so how the landscape is changing.', 'tokens': [50998, 370, 577, 264, 9661, 307, 4473, 13, 51110], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 322.76, 'end': 326.35999999999996, 'text': ' Four, understand doctrine and principles of organization.', 'tokens': [51110, 7451, 11, 1223, 23290, 293, 9156, 295, 4475, 13, 51290], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 326.35999999999996, 'end': 328.71999999999997, 'text': ' Finally, you get into the leadership bit.', 'tokens': [51290, 6288, 11, 291, 483, 666, 264, 5848, 857, 13, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 328.71999999999997, 'end': 330.84, 'text': ' I was quite excited by that.', 'tokens': [51408, 286, 390, 1596, 2919, 538, 300, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 330.84, 'end': 332.91999999999996, 'text': ' And then I came across John Boyd.', 'tokens': [51514, 400, 550, 286, 1361, 2108, 2619, 9486, 67, 13, 51618], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 332.91999999999996, 'end': 334.32, 'text': ' Anybody heard of John Boyd?', 'tokens': [51618, 19082, 2198, 295, 2619, 9486, 67, 30, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 30784, 'start': 335.44, 'end': 337.2, 'text': ' Oodleoos, perfect.', 'tokens': [51744, 422, 30013, 78, 329, 11, 2176, 13, 51832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18069055701504236, 'compression_ratio': 1.637037037037037, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002270257333293557}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 337.24, 'end': 339.52, 'text': " So you're a US Air Force pilot, so you have the game,", 'tokens': [50366, 407, 291, 434, 257, 2546, 5774, 10580, 9691, 11, 370, 291, 362, 264, 1216, 11, 50480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 339.52, 'end': 340.4, 'text': ' your purpose.', 'tokens': [50480, 428, 4334, 13, 50524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 340.4, 'end': 343.52, 'text': ' The first though is to observe the environment,', 'tokens': [50524, 440, 700, 1673, 307, 281, 11441, 264, 2823, 11, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 343.52, 'end': 346.28, 'text': ' which is what landscape and climactic patterns are about.', 'tokens': [50680, 597, 307, 437, 9661, 293, 5644, 19892, 8294, 366, 466, 13, 50818], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 346.28, 'end': 348.59999999999997, 'text': ' Then you orient yourself around it.', 'tokens': [50818, 1396, 291, 8579, 1803, 926, 309, 13, 50934], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 348.59999999999997, 'end': 351.28, 'text': " That's what doctrine and principles are around.", 'tokens': [50934, 663, 311, 437, 23290, 293, 9156, 366, 926, 13, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 351.28, 'end': 353.2, 'text': " And then you decide where you're going to attack", 'tokens': [51068, 400, 550, 291, 4536, 689, 291, 434, 516, 281, 2690, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 353.2, 'end': 354.44, 'text': ' and then you act.', 'tokens': [51164, 293, 550, 291, 605, 13, 51226], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 354.44, 'end': 356.24, 'text': ' I was quite excited.', 'tokens': [51226, 286, 390, 1596, 2919, 13, 51316], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 356.24, 'end': 358.44, 'text': ' So I showed this to other people and they would go,', 'tokens': [51316, 407, 286, 4712, 341, 281, 661, 561, 293, 436, 576, 352, 11, 51426], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 358.44, 'end': 362.64, 'text': " yeah, yeah, yeah, strategy's all about the importance of why.", 'tokens': [51426, 1338, 11, 1338, 11, 1338, 11, 5206, 311, 439, 466, 264, 7379, 295, 983, 13, 51636], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 33720, 'start': 362.64, 'end': 366.48, 'text': ' But the problem with that statement is there are two ways.', 'tokens': [51636, 583, 264, 1154, 365, 300, 5629, 307, 456, 366, 732, 2098, 13, 51828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14279602928984936, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009045848855748773}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 366.52000000000004, 'end': 370.28000000000003, 'text': " There's the why of purpose and the why of movement.", 'tokens': [50366, 821, 311, 264, 983, 295, 4334, 293, 264, 983, 295, 3963, 13, 50554], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 370.28000000000003, 'end': 372.32, 'text': ' And they are very different things.', 'tokens': [50554, 400, 436, 366, 588, 819, 721, 13, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 372.32, 'end': 373.64000000000004, 'text': ' Anybody play chess?', 'tokens': [50656, 19082, 862, 24122, 30, 50722], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 374.92, 'end': 376.04, 'text': ' A few, right.', 'tokens': [50786, 316, 1326, 11, 558, 13, 50842], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 376.04, 'end': 378.6, 'text': ' So your why of purpose might be to win the game.', 'tokens': [50842, 407, 428, 983, 295, 4334, 1062, 312, 281, 1942, 264, 1216, 13, 50970], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 378.6, 'end': 382.16, 'text': ' Your why of movement is do I move this piece or that piece?', 'tokens': [50970, 2260, 983, 295, 3963, 307, 360, 286, 1286, 341, 2522, 420, 300, 2522, 30, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 382.16, 'end': 386.6, 'text': " And it's through movement and action that we actually learn.", 'tokens': [51148, 400, 309, 311, 807, 3963, 293, 3069, 300, 321, 767, 1466, 13, 51370], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 386.6, 'end': 388.36, 'text': ' So we learn things like Falls Mate,', 'tokens': [51370, 407, 321, 1466, 721, 411, 23245, 27594, 11, 51458], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 388.36, 'end': 391.44, 'text': ' assuming we can perceive the environment.', 'tokens': [51458, 11926, 321, 393, 20281, 264, 2823, 13, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 393.48, 'end': 394.32, 'text': " It's a cycle.", 'tokens': [51714, 467, 311, 257, 6586, 13, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 36648, 'start': 394.32, 'end': 395.24, 'text': ' And the more you go around this,', 'tokens': [51756, 400, 264, 544, 291, 352, 926, 341, 11, 51802], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15054086911476264, 'compression_ratio': 1.7119341563786008, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00039032672066241503}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 395.24, 'end': 396.96000000000004, 'text': ' the better you get at playing this game.', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 1101, 291, 483, 412, 2433, 341, 1216, 13, 50450], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 396.96000000000004, 'end': 399.28000000000003, 'text': " Now, here's the problem.", 'tokens': [50450, 823, 11, 510, 311, 264, 1154, 13, 50566], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 399.28000000000003, 'end': 401.12, 'text': " If you can't see the landscape,", 'tokens': [50566, 759, 291, 393, 380, 536, 264, 9661, 11, 50658], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 401.12, 'end': 402.72, 'text': " you can't determine climactic patterns,", 'tokens': [50658, 291, 393, 380, 6997, 5644, 19892, 8294, 11, 50738], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 402.72, 'end': 406.88, 'text': " you can't determine all you're left with is purpose,", 'tokens': [50738, 291, 393, 380, 6997, 439, 291, 434, 1411, 365, 307, 4334, 11, 50946], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 406.88, 'end': 409.24, 'text': ' gut fill, and action.', 'tokens': [50946, 5228, 2836, 11, 293, 3069, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 409.24, 'end': 413.52, 'text': ' Which is how I ended up with this as my strategy document.', 'tokens': [51064, 3013, 307, 577, 286, 4590, 493, 365, 341, 382, 452, 5206, 4166, 13, 51278], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 413.52, 'end': 416.2, 'text': ' Well, this is actually number two of the 64,', 'tokens': [51278, 1042, 11, 341, 307, 767, 1230, 732, 295, 264, 12145, 11, 51412], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 416.2, 'end': 418.28000000000003, 'text': ' but it was close enough.', 'tokens': [51412, 457, 309, 390, 1998, 1547, 13, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 418.28000000000003, 'end': 420.84000000000003, 'text': ' Right, so I then got into how do I understand', 'tokens': [51516, 1779, 11, 370, 286, 550, 658, 666, 577, 360, 286, 1223, 51644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 39524, 'start': 420.84000000000003, 'end': 423.44, 'text': " the landscape I'm competing in?", 'tokens': [51644, 264, 9661, 286, 478, 15439, 294, 30, 51774], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14251654265356845, 'compression_ratio': 1.6496062992125984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008829463622532785}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 423.44, 'end': 425.88, 'text': ' And that led me onto the subject of maps.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 4684, 385, 3911, 264, 3983, 295, 11317, 13, 50486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 426.92, 'end': 428.08, 'text': ' So why maps?', 'tokens': [50538, 407, 983, 11317, 30, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 428.08, 'end': 431.52, 'text': ' Right, this is a map of a Roman city.', 'tokens': [50596, 1779, 11, 341, 307, 257, 4471, 295, 257, 8566, 2307, 13, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 431.52, 'end': 433.92, 'text': " There's about 20 points of interest,", 'tokens': [50768, 821, 311, 466, 945, 2793, 295, 1179, 11, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 433.92, 'end': 435.88, 'text': ' there are five residential areas,', 'tokens': [50888, 456, 366, 1732, 17389, 3179, 11, 50986], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 435.88, 'end': 438.52, 'text': ' and five military points of interest as well,', 'tokens': [50986, 293, 1732, 4632, 2793, 295, 1179, 382, 731, 11, 51118], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 438.52, 'end': 439.68, 'text': ' military areas.', 'tokens': [51118, 4632, 3179, 13, 51176], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 440.56, 'end': 442.56, 'text': ' If you try to describe every journey,', 'tokens': [51220, 759, 291, 853, 281, 6786, 633, 4671, 11, 51320], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 442.56, 'end': 446.44, 'text': ' going from A to B, and back again, with 25 words,', 'tokens': [51320, 516, 490, 316, 281, 363, 11, 293, 646, 797, 11, 365, 3552, 2283, 11, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 42344, 'start': 446.44, 'end': 449.72, 'text': ' that simple diagram, just simple path, A to B,', 'tokens': [51514, 300, 2199, 10686, 11, 445, 2199, 3100, 11, 316, 281, 363, 11, 51678], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17439530274578344, 'compression_ratio': 1.5720524017467248, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009245899855159223}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 449.72, 'end': 453.68, 'text': " would be about 870 paths, that's 20,000 words.", 'tokens': [50364, 576, 312, 466, 1649, 5867, 14518, 11, 300, 311, 945, 11, 1360, 2283, 13, 50562], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 455.04, 'end': 457.84000000000003, 'text': ' If you try to describe every combination,', 'tokens': [50630, 759, 291, 853, 281, 6786, 633, 6562, 11, 50770], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 457.84000000000003, 'end': 460.8, 'text': " that's approximately that number of Wikipedia's.", 'tokens': [50770, 300, 311, 10447, 300, 1230, 295, 28999, 311, 13, 50918], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 460.8, 'end': 462.52000000000004, 'text': " That's a lot, okay?", 'tokens': [50918, 663, 311, 257, 688, 11, 1392, 30, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 463.52000000000004, 'end': 465.04, 'text': " And that doesn't even cope with the fact", 'tokens': [51054, 400, 300, 1177, 380, 754, 22598, 365, 264, 1186, 51130], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 465.04, 'end': 467.48, 'text': ' that you can go and explore.', 'tokens': [51130, 300, 291, 393, 352, 293, 6839, 13, 51252], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 467.48, 'end': 470.08000000000004, 'text': ' So go off the beaten path.', 'tokens': [51252, 407, 352, 766, 264, 17909, 3100, 13, 51382], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 470.08000000000004, 'end': 472.40000000000003, 'text': ' So the thing about maps is the great ways', 'tokens': [51382, 407, 264, 551, 466, 11317, 307, 264, 869, 2098, 51498], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 472.40000000000003, 'end': 474.12, 'text': ' of condensing information.', 'tokens': [51498, 295, 2224, 22481, 1589, 13, 51584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 44972, 'start': 474.12, 'end': 478.84000000000003, 'text': ' The powerful ways of exploring and explaining a landscape,', 'tokens': [51584, 440, 4005, 2098, 295, 12736, 293, 13468, 257, 9661, 11, 51820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10794904298871477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5850622406639003, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007768924697302282}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 478.88, 'end': 481.08, 'text': ' more than stories are.', 'tokens': [50366, 544, 813, 3676, 366, 13, 50476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 481.08, 'end': 483.79999999999995, 'text': ' But I still use stories for the simple things.', 'tokens': [50476, 583, 286, 920, 764, 3676, 337, 264, 2199, 721, 13, 50612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 483.79999999999995, 'end': 488.03999999999996, 'text': ' Like to get to the temple, take a left at the Coliseum.', 'tokens': [50612, 1743, 281, 483, 281, 264, 10184, 11, 747, 257, 1411, 412, 264, 4004, 908, 449, 13, 50824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 488.03999999999996, 'end': 491.76, 'text': ' But the problem with a story is if you disagree', 'tokens': [50824, 583, 264, 1154, 365, 257, 1657, 307, 498, 291, 14091, 51010], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 491.76, 'end': 495.91999999999996, 'text': ' with my story, I get very angry at you.', 'tokens': [51010, 365, 452, 1657, 11, 286, 483, 588, 6884, 412, 291, 13, 51218], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 495.91999999999996, 'end': 499.47999999999996, 'text': ' Err, what do you mean you have my story is wrong?', 'tokens': [51218, 3300, 81, 11, 437, 360, 291, 914, 291, 362, 452, 1657, 307, 2085, 30, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 500.4, 'end': 501.96, 'text': ' In fact, we do this in business a lot', 'tokens': [51442, 682, 1186, 11, 321, 360, 341, 294, 1606, 257, 688, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 501.96, 'end': 504.59999999999997, 'text': ' because we tell everybody to be a good leader,', 'tokens': [51520, 570, 321, 980, 2201, 281, 312, 257, 665, 5263, 11, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 47884, 'start': 504.59999999999997, 'end': 507.23999999999995, 'text': ' you need to be a great storyteller.', 'tokens': [51652, 291, 643, 281, 312, 257, 869, 17541, 14983, 13, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1802137623662534, 'compression_ratio': 1.6623376623376624, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007973053143359721}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 507.44, 'end': 509.8, 'text': " So it's not the story is ever wrong,", 'tokens': [50374, 407, 309, 311, 406, 264, 1657, 307, 1562, 2085, 11, 50492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 509.8, 'end': 513.8, 'text': " it's that you failed as a storyteller.", 'tokens': [50492, 309, 311, 300, 291, 7612, 382, 257, 17541, 14983, 13, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 513.8, 'end': 516.04, 'text': ' And if only you were a better storyteller.', 'tokens': [50692, 400, 498, 787, 291, 645, 257, 1101, 17541, 14983, 13, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 516.04, 'end': 518.12, 'text': " So when you challenge somebody's story,", 'tokens': [50804, 407, 562, 291, 3430, 2618, 311, 1657, 11, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 518.12, 'end': 519.64, 'text': ' they get very upset.', 'tokens': [50908, 436, 483, 588, 8340, 13, 50984], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 519.64, 'end': 522.32, 'text': ' Whereas with a map, if I said to get to the Coliseum,', 'tokens': [50984, 13813, 365, 257, 4471, 11, 498, 286, 848, 281, 483, 281, 264, 4004, 908, 449, 11, 51118], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 522.32, 'end': 525.88, 'text': ' go this way, I can go, well, we can go that way.', 'tokens': [51118, 352, 341, 636, 11, 286, 393, 352, 11, 731, 11, 321, 393, 352, 300, 636, 13, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 525.88, 'end': 529.4, 'text': ' And we have less of that sort of argument', 'tokens': [51296, 400, 321, 362, 1570, 295, 300, 1333, 295, 6770, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 529.4, 'end': 531.08, 'text': " because now we're fighting over a map,", 'tokens': [51472, 570, 586, 321, 434, 5237, 670, 257, 4471, 11, 51556], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 531.08, 'end': 532.96, 'text': ' not the story and not the person.', 'tokens': [51556, 406, 264, 1657, 293, 406, 264, 954, 13, 51650], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 50724, 'start': 532.96, 'end': 536.88, 'text': ' So maps are also powerful ways of depersonalizing', 'tokens': [51650, 407, 11317, 366, 611, 4005, 2098, 295, 1367, 3953, 304, 3319, 51846], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12325616443858427, 'compression_ratio': 1.7126436781609196, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007349893567152321}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 536.92, 'end': 540.16, 'text': ' and taking the politics out of discussion.', 'tokens': [50366, 293, 1940, 264, 7341, 484, 295, 5017, 13, 50528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 541.32, 'end': 542.92, 'text': ' So what is a map?', 'tokens': [50586, 407, 437, 307, 257, 4471, 30, 50666], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 542.92, 'end': 547.92, 'text': ' Right, Folkestone, London, Dover, M2M20, 115, 124 kilometers,', 'tokens': [50666, 1779, 11, 15255, 74, 19098, 11, 7042, 11, 1144, 331, 11, 376, 17, 44, 2009, 11, 39436, 11, 2272, 19, 13904, 11, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 549.36, 'end': 552.0, 'text': ' roughly how far from Folkestone to Dover do you think?', 'tokens': [50988, 9810, 577, 1400, 490, 15255, 74, 19098, 281, 1144, 331, 360, 291, 519, 30, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 553.56, 'end': 556.24, 'text': " Yeah, it's about 12 kilometers.", 'tokens': [51198, 865, 11, 309, 311, 466, 2272, 13904, 13, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 557.08, 'end': 560.32, 'text': ' Right, because this is a graph, this is not a map, okay?', 'tokens': [51374, 1779, 11, 570, 341, 307, 257, 4295, 11, 341, 307, 406, 257, 4471, 11, 1392, 30, 51536], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 53688, 'start': 562.32, 'end': 566.08, 'text': " These are two identical graphs, they're exactly the same.", 'tokens': [51636, 1981, 366, 732, 14800, 24877, 11, 436, 434, 2293, 264, 912, 13, 51824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.235219407789778, 'compression_ratio': 1.4727272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010799756273627281}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 567.08, 'end': 569.72, 'text': " Now I'm going to do something magical, watch closely.", 'tokens': [50374, 823, 286, 478, 516, 281, 360, 746, 12066, 11, 1159, 8185, 13, 50506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 569.72, 'end': 572.76, 'text': ' These are two different maps, did you see what I did?', 'tokens': [50506, 1981, 366, 732, 819, 11317, 11, 630, 291, 536, 437, 286, 630, 30, 50658], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 572.76, 'end': 573.76, 'text': ' Let me do it again.', 'tokens': [50658, 961, 385, 360, 309, 797, 13, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 575.56, 'end': 576.76, 'text': ' Did you see what I did?', 'tokens': [50798, 2589, 291, 536, 437, 286, 630, 30, 50858], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 577.64, 'end': 580.68, 'text': ' Yes, I added a compass, okay?', 'tokens': [50902, 1079, 11, 286, 3869, 257, 10707, 11, 1392, 30, 51054], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 580.68, 'end': 582.6, 'text': ' And the difference between a graph and a map', 'tokens': [51054, 400, 264, 2649, 1296, 257, 4295, 293, 257, 4471, 51150], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 582.6, 'end': 585.68, 'text': ' is basically space has meaning.', 'tokens': [51150, 307, 1936, 1901, 575, 3620, 13, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 585.68, 'end': 588.96, 'text': ' So when you move a piece, it changes the meaning of a map', 'tokens': [51304, 407, 562, 291, 1286, 257, 2522, 11, 309, 2962, 264, 3620, 295, 257, 4471, 51468], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 588.96, 'end': 591.6, 'text': " in a way it doesn't in a graph.", 'tokens': [51468, 294, 257, 636, 309, 1177, 380, 294, 257, 4295, 13, 51600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 591.6, 'end': 593.6, 'text': ' And because space has meaning,', 'tokens': [51600, 400, 570, 1901, 575, 3620, 11, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 56688, 'start': 593.6, 'end': 596.36, 'text': ' it means we can go and explore.', 'tokens': [51700, 309, 1355, 321, 393, 352, 293, 6839, 13, 51838], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1684486173814343, 'compression_ratio': 1.657258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006442745798267424}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 596.4, 'end': 597.6, 'text': ' So what do we have in business?', 'tokens': [50366, 407, 437, 360, 321, 362, 294, 1606, 30, 50426], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 597.6, 'end': 599.96, 'text': ' I had loads of maps in business.', 'tokens': [50426, 286, 632, 12668, 295, 11317, 294, 1606, 13, 50544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 599.96, 'end': 604.2, 'text': ' I had mind maps, I had business process maps,', 'tokens': [50544, 286, 632, 1575, 11317, 11, 286, 632, 1606, 1399, 11317, 11, 50756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 604.2, 'end': 607.16, 'text': ' I had systems maps, loads of them.', 'tokens': [50756, 286, 632, 3652, 11317, 11, 12668, 295, 552, 13, 50904], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 607.16, 'end': 609.16, 'text': " So I've taken a system map that we had,", 'tokens': [50904, 407, 286, 600, 2726, 257, 1185, 4471, 300, 321, 632, 11, 51004], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 609.16, 'end': 611.6800000000001, 'text': ' customer photo storage website CRM.', 'tokens': [51004, 5474, 5052, 6725, 3144, 14123, 44, 13, 51130], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 611.6800000000001, 'end': 616.52, 'text': " I shaded this box CRM, and I'm just going to move it.", 'tokens': [51130, 286, 48067, 341, 2424, 14123, 44, 11, 293, 286, 478, 445, 516, 281, 1286, 309, 13, 51372], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 616.52, 'end': 618.24, 'text': " Now how's the map changed?", 'tokens': [51372, 823, 577, 311, 264, 4471, 3105, 30, 51458], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 59636, 'start': 621.88, 'end': 622.84, 'text': ' Any ideas?', 'tokens': [51640, 2639, 3487, 30, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1655851936340332, 'compression_ratio': 1.621761658031088, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00019328149210195988}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 623.84, 'end': 626.76, 'text': ' Right, if I take an atlas and I move Sydney', 'tokens': [50414, 1779, 11, 498, 286, 747, 364, 412, 7743, 293, 286, 1286, 21065, 50560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 626.76, 'end': 631.6, 'text': ' and put it next to London, does the map change?', 'tokens': [50560, 293, 829, 309, 958, 281, 7042, 11, 775, 264, 4471, 1319, 30, 50802], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 631.6, 'end': 634.32, 'text': ' Right, has it changed here?', 'tokens': [50802, 1779, 11, 575, 309, 3105, 510, 30, 50938], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 634.32, 'end': 635.96, 'text': ' Why not?', 'tokens': [50938, 1545, 406, 30, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 635.96, 'end': 638.1600000000001, 'text': " Because it's a graph, not a map.", 'tokens': [51020, 1436, 309, 311, 257, 4295, 11, 406, 257, 4471, 13, 51130], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 638.1600000000001, 'end': 640.12, 'text': ' The one amusing thing is all the things', 'tokens': [51130, 440, 472, 47809, 551, 307, 439, 264, 721, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 640.12, 'end': 641.72, 'text': ' that we call maps in business', 'tokens': [51228, 300, 321, 818, 11317, 294, 1606, 51308], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 641.72, 'end': 643.0, 'text': ' tend to have one thing in common.', 'tokens': [51308, 3928, 281, 362, 472, 551, 294, 2689, 13, 51372], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 643.0, 'end': 644.76, 'text': ' Do you know what it is?', 'tokens': [51372, 1144, 291, 458, 437, 309, 307, 30, 51460], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 644.76, 'end': 646.48, 'text': " They're not maps, they're graphs.", 'tokens': [51460, 814, 434, 406, 11317, 11, 436, 434, 24877, 13, 51546], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 648.0400000000001, 'end': 649.6800000000001, 'text': " I'm afraid we keep using that word", 'tokens': [51624, 286, 478, 4638, 321, 1066, 1228, 300, 1349, 51706], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 62284, 'start': 649.6800000000001, 'end': 651.88, 'text': " and it doesn't mean what we think it means.", 'tokens': [51706, 293, 309, 1177, 380, 914, 437, 321, 519, 309, 1355, 13, 51816], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18093941703675284, 'compression_ratio': 1.6209677419354838, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007833631825633347}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 653.6, 'end': 655.1600000000001, 'text': ' Excellent, all right.', 'tokens': [50402, 16723, 11, 439, 558, 13, 50480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 655.1600000000001, 'end': 657.52, 'text': " So of course without maps we're back to gut feel", 'tokens': [50480, 407, 295, 1164, 1553, 11317, 321, 434, 646, 281, 5228, 841, 50598], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 657.52, 'end': 659.32, 'text': " and we're back to this sort of stuff.", 'tokens': [50598, 293, 321, 434, 646, 281, 341, 1333, 295, 1507, 13, 50688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 660.32, 'end': 662.4, 'text': ' So what, we survive.', 'tokens': [50738, 407, 437, 11, 321, 7867, 13, 50842], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 662.4, 'end': 664.44, 'text': " It doesn't matter, I don't have a map,", 'tokens': [50842, 467, 1177, 380, 1871, 11, 286, 500, 380, 362, 257, 4471, 11, 50944], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 664.44, 'end': 665.88, 'text': ' neither does...', 'tokens': [50944, 9662, 775, 485, 51016], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 665.88, 'end': 668.44, 'text': " Who cares, I'm still successful?", 'tokens': [51016, 2102, 12310, 11, 286, 478, 920, 4406, 30, 51144], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 668.44, 'end': 671.48, 'text': ' Well, business is a cat fight.', 'tokens': [51144, 1042, 11, 1606, 307, 257, 3857, 2092, 13, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 671.48, 'end': 675.48, 'text': " And it's okay to be completely blind to the environment", 'tokens': [51296, 400, 309, 311, 1392, 281, 312, 2584, 6865, 281, 264, 2823, 51496], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 675.48, 'end': 678.0400000000001, 'text': ' as long as everybody else is.', 'tokens': [51496, 382, 938, 382, 2201, 1646, 307, 13, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 678.0400000000001, 'end': 679.9200000000001, 'text': " It's all right to be useless,", 'tokens': [51624, 467, 311, 439, 558, 281, 312, 14115, 11, 51718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 65284, 'start': 679.9200000000001, 'end': 682.2, 'text': ' just as long as all your competitors are', 'tokens': [51718, 445, 382, 938, 382, 439, 428, 18333, 366, 51832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23489206205538618, 'compression_ratio': 1.6007905138339922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0003348061873111874}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 682.24, 'end': 684.4000000000001, 'text': ' then no one gains an advantage.', 'tokens': [50366, 550, 572, 472, 16823, 364, 5002, 13, 50474], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 684.4000000000001, 'end': 686.76, 'text': " Now there's this wonderful study, it's not very popular,", 'tokens': [50474, 823, 456, 311, 341, 3715, 2979, 11, 309, 311, 406, 588, 3743, 11, 50592], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 686.76, 'end': 689.2800000000001, 'text': ' Marcus Vitzer used a very insti-composition', 'tokens': [50592, 26574, 691, 16845, 1143, 257, 588, 1058, 72, 12, 21541, 5830, 50718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 689.2800000000001, 'end': 690.6800000000001, 'text': ' into the impacts of CEOs,', 'tokens': [50718, 666, 264, 11606, 295, 40736, 11, 50788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 690.6800000000001, 'end': 692.88, 'text': ' looked at about 13,000 CEOs,', 'tokens': [50788, 2956, 412, 466, 3705, 11, 1360, 40736, 11, 50898], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 692.88, 'end': 695.4000000000001, 'text': ' worked out their impact on the organisation', 'tokens': [50898, 2732, 484, 641, 2712, 322, 264, 18641, 51024], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 695.4000000000001, 'end': 698.36, 'text': ' was indistinguishable from random charts,', 'tokens': [51024, 390, 1016, 468, 7050, 742, 712, 490, 4974, 17767, 11, 51172], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 698.36, 'end': 701.76, 'text': ' which basically means you can take your board,', 'tokens': [51172, 597, 1936, 1355, 291, 393, 747, 428, 3150, 11, 51342], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 701.76, 'end': 704.32, 'text': ' just to round out, get some people off the street,', 'tokens': [51342, 445, 281, 3098, 484, 11, 483, 512, 561, 766, 264, 4838, 11, 51470], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 704.32, 'end': 706.6400000000001, 'text': ' not a problem at all.', 'tokens': [51470, 406, 257, 1154, 412, 439, 13, 51586], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 68220, 'start': 706.6400000000001, 'end': 709.0, 'text': " It's probably why it's not a very popular paper.", 'tokens': [51586, 467, 311, 1391, 983, 309, 311, 406, 257, 588, 3743, 3035, 13, 51704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20425555419921876, 'compression_ratio': 1.5729537366548043, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003551103873178363}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 710.0, 'end': 712.68, 'text': ' Now just to emphasise this problem,', 'tokens': [50414, 823, 445, 281, 7896, 908, 341, 1154, 11, 50548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 712.68, 'end': 713.64, 'text': ' this is the mystical,', 'tokens': [50548, 341, 307, 264, 40565, 11, 50596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 713.64, 'end': 716.36, 'text': ' this ancient politician Greek general had a problem,', 'tokens': [50596, 341, 7832, 26453, 10281, 2674, 632, 257, 1154, 11, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 716.36, 'end': 718.12, 'text': ' Persians were invading,', 'tokens': [50732, 14006, 2567, 645, 1048, 8166, 11, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 718.12, 'end': 721.92, 'text': " 140,000 to 170,000 Persians, we're not quite sure.", 'tokens': [50820, 21548, 11, 1360, 281, 27228, 11, 1360, 14006, 2567, 11, 321, 434, 406, 1596, 988, 13, 51010], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 721.92, 'end': 725.92, 'text': ' What he decided to do was to block off the Straits of Artemisium,', 'tokens': [51010, 708, 415, 3047, 281, 360, 390, 281, 3461, 766, 264, 12875, 1208, 295, 39210, 271, 2197, 11, 51210], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 725.92, 'end': 729.2, 'text': ' force the Persians along coastal road into Thermopylae,', 'tokens': [51210, 3464, 264, 14006, 2567, 2051, 25050, 3060, 666, 38957, 19680, 875, 68, 11, 51374], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 729.2, 'end': 730.36, 'text': ' where a small number of troops,', 'tokens': [51374, 689, 257, 1359, 1230, 295, 11522, 11, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 730.36, 'end': 731.52, 'text': ' there were 4,000 Greeks,', 'tokens': [51432, 456, 645, 1017, 11, 1360, 31029, 11, 51490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 731.52, 'end': 733.48, 'text': ' could defend against a larger force.', 'tokens': [51490, 727, 8602, 1970, 257, 4833, 3464, 13, 51588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 70900, 'start': 733.48, 'end': 737.52, 'text': ' Now there were 4,000 Greeks, including 300 Spartans.', 'tokens': [51588, 823, 456, 645, 1017, 11, 1360, 31029, 11, 3009, 6641, 36014, 599, 13, 51790], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2096596486640699, 'compression_ratio': 1.6156583629893237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002104379003867507}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 737.52, 'end': 739.24, 'text': ' Right, so I want you to imagine', 'tokens': [50364, 1779, 11, 370, 286, 528, 291, 281, 3811, 50450], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 739.24, 'end': 741.12, 'text': " you're part of the Athenian city state,", 'tokens': [50450, 291, 434, 644, 295, 264, 16487, 268, 952, 2307, 1785, 11, 50544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 741.12, 'end': 743.16, 'text': " it's the eve of battle, I am the mysticlyse,", 'tokens': [50544, 309, 311, 264, 34225, 295, 4635, 11, 286, 669, 264, 9111, 299, 356, 405, 11, 50646], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 743.16, 'end': 745.36, 'text': ' I am giving you purpose and moral imperative,', 'tokens': [50646, 286, 669, 2902, 291, 4334, 293, 9723, 32490, 11, 50756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 745.36, 'end': 746.6, 'text': ' and then I say to you,', 'tokens': [50756, 293, 550, 286, 584, 281, 291, 11, 50818], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 746.6, 'end': 748.8, 'text': ' I do not understand the landscape,', 'tokens': [50818, 286, 360, 406, 1223, 264, 9661, 11, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 748.8, 'end': 750.88, 'text': ' I do not understand the environment,', 'tokens': [50928, 286, 360, 406, 1223, 264, 2823, 11, 51032], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 750.88, 'end': 753.3199999999999, 'text': ' I have no map, but have no fear,', 'tokens': [51032, 286, 362, 572, 4471, 11, 457, 362, 572, 4240, 11, 51154], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 753.3199999999999, 'end': 755.8, 'text': ' for I have created a SWAT diagram.', 'tokens': [51154, 337, 286, 362, 2942, 257, 20346, 2218, 10686, 13, 51278], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 758.92, 'end': 760.72, 'text': ' Strength, a well-trained Spaan army,', 'tokens': [51434, 39251, 11, 257, 731, 12, 17227, 2001, 1738, 21326, 7267, 11, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 760.72, 'end': 764.0, 'text': ' a high level of motivation not to become a Persian slave.', 'tokens': [51524, 257, 1090, 1496, 295, 12335, 406, 281, 1813, 257, 30699, 14777, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 73752, 'start': 764.0, 'end': 766.3199999999999, 'text': ' Weenesses, the ethos might stop the Spartans', 'tokens': [51688, 492, 268, 32393, 11, 264, 6468, 329, 1062, 1590, 264, 36014, 599, 51804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28408119413587785, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004118809010833502}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 766.32, 'end': 768.0, 'text': ' turning up a truckload of Persians,', 'tokens': [50364, 6246, 493, 257, 5898, 2907, 295, 14006, 2567, 11, 50448], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 768.0, 'end': 770.8000000000001, 'text': ' are turning up, opportunities get rid of the Persians,', 'tokens': [50448, 366, 6246, 493, 11, 4786, 483, 3973, 295, 264, 14006, 2567, 11, 50588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 770.8000000000001, 'end': 772.72, 'text': " get rid of the Spartans, we're an Athenian,", 'tokens': [50588, 483, 3973, 295, 264, 36014, 599, 11, 321, 434, 364, 16487, 268, 952, 11, 50684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 772.72, 'end': 775.48, 'text': ' we hate the Spartans, and threats is the,', 'tokens': [50684, 321, 4700, 264, 36014, 599, 11, 293, 14909, 307, 264, 11, 50822], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 775.48, 'end': 777.2, 'text': ' the Persians get rid of us, bad,', 'tokens': [50822, 264, 14006, 2567, 483, 3973, 295, 505, 11, 1578, 11, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 777.2, 'end': 778.84, 'text': ' and the Oracle says a really dodgy film', 'tokens': [50908, 293, 264, 25654, 1619, 257, 534, 13886, 1480, 2007, 50990], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 778.84, 'end': 781.5600000000001, 'text': ' might be produced a few thousand years later.', 'tokens': [50990, 1062, 312, 7126, 257, 1326, 4714, 924, 1780, 13, 51126], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 781.5600000000001, 'end': 784.44, 'text': ' So, what would you use to communicate,', 'tokens': [51126, 407, 11, 437, 576, 291, 764, 281, 7890, 11, 51270], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 784.44, 'end': 786.0400000000001, 'text': ' determine strategy and battle,', 'tokens': [51270, 6997, 5206, 293, 4635, 11, 51350], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 786.0400000000001, 'end': 787.72, 'text': ' position and movement described by a map', 'tokens': [51350, 2535, 293, 3963, 7619, 538, 257, 4471, 51434], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 787.72, 'end': 791.36, 'text': ' or some sort of magic framework like a SWAT diagram?', 'tokens': [51434, 420, 512, 1333, 295, 5585, 8388, 411, 257, 20346, 2218, 10686, 30, 51616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 791.36, 'end': 792.4000000000001, 'text': ' What would you use?', 'tokens': [51616, 708, 576, 291, 764, 30, 51668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 76632, 'start': 793.2800000000001, 'end': 794.2800000000001, 'text': ' A map.', 'tokens': [51712, 316, 4471, 13, 51762], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20462317566771607, 'compression_ratio': 1.7737226277372262, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005334009882062674}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 794.3199999999999, 'end': 796.0, 'text': ' Right, what do we use in business?', 'tokens': [50366, 1779, 11, 437, 360, 321, 764, 294, 1606, 30, 50450], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 796.0, 'end': 797.0, 'text': ' SWAT.', 'tokens': [50450, 20346, 2218, 13, 50500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 797.0, 'end': 800.0, 'text': ' SWAT, excellent, fantastic.', 'tokens': [50500, 20346, 2218, 11, 7103, 11, 5456, 13, 50650], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 800.0, 'end': 802.0, 'text': ' So, how do you map a business,', 'tokens': [50650, 407, 11, 577, 360, 291, 4471, 257, 1606, 11, 50750], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 802.0, 'end': 804.92, 'text': ' since we so insist on using graphs?', 'tokens': [50750, 1670, 321, 370, 13466, 322, 1228, 24877, 30, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 804.92, 'end': 807.4, 'text': ' Well, a map has certain characteristics,', 'tokens': [50896, 1042, 11, 257, 4471, 575, 1629, 10891, 11, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 807.4, 'end': 810.0, 'text': ' you have an anchor, you have the position of pieces', 'tokens': [51020, 291, 362, 364, 18487, 11, 291, 362, 264, 2535, 295, 3755, 51150], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 810.0, 'end': 814.28, 'text': ' relative to an anchor, and you have consistency of movement.', 'tokens': [51150, 4972, 281, 364, 18487, 11, 293, 291, 362, 14416, 295, 3963, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 814.28, 'end': 816.8, 'text': ' So, if I wanna go from Thebes to Thermopylae,', 'tokens': [51364, 407, 11, 498, 286, 1948, 352, 490, 440, 6446, 281, 38957, 19680, 875, 68, 11, 51490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 816.8, 'end': 818.28, 'text': ' which direction would I go?', 'tokens': [51490, 597, 3513, 576, 286, 352, 30, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 79428, 'start': 819.88, 'end': 822.12, 'text': ' Northwest, if I go Northwest from Thebes,', 'tokens': [51644, 26068, 11, 498, 286, 352, 26068, 490, 440, 6446, 11, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20968998455610433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6735537190082646, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026745658833533525}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 822.12, 'end': 824.36, 'text': ' end up in Athens, what does that tell me?', 'tokens': [50364, 917, 493, 294, 32530, 11, 437, 775, 300, 980, 385, 30, 50476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 826.04, 'end': 827.0, 'text': " The map's upside down.", 'tokens': [50560, 440, 4471, 311, 14119, 760, 13, 50608], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 827.0, 'end': 828.12, 'text': ' Or the compass is wrong.', 'tokens': [50608, 1610, 264, 10707, 307, 2085, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 828.12, 'end': 830.04, 'text': " The map's upside down or the compass is wrong?", 'tokens': [50664, 440, 4471, 311, 14119, 760, 420, 264, 10707, 307, 2085, 30, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 830.04, 'end': 831.96, 'text': ' One of those two, okay.', 'tokens': [50760, 1485, 295, 729, 732, 11, 1392, 13, 50856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 831.96, 'end': 835.24, 'text': ' So, I took a systems diagram, I said we need an anchor.', 'tokens': [50856, 407, 11, 286, 1890, 257, 3652, 10686, 11, 286, 848, 321, 643, 364, 18487, 13, 51020], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 835.24, 'end': 837.08, 'text': ' So, I put the user at the top.', 'tokens': [51020, 407, 11, 286, 829, 264, 4195, 412, 264, 1192, 13, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 837.08, 'end': 839.36, 'text': ' We could have many anchors, we could have the business,', 'tokens': [51112, 492, 727, 362, 867, 12723, 830, 11, 321, 727, 362, 264, 1606, 11, 51226], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 839.36, 'end': 842.04, 'text': ' regulators, we can have the users.', 'tokens': [51226, 37311, 11, 321, 393, 362, 264, 5022, 13, 51360], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 842.04, 'end': 847.04, 'text': " Now, that's my, my anchor, those users have needs.", 'tokens': [51360, 823, 11, 300, 311, 452, 11, 452, 18487, 11, 729, 5022, 362, 2203, 13, 51610], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 82212, 'start': 847.36, 'end': 850.36, 'text': ' So, in my case, they needed online image manipulation,', 'tokens': [51626, 407, 11, 294, 452, 1389, 11, 436, 2978, 2950, 3256, 26475, 11, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17736872095261177, 'compression_ratio': 1.8048780487804879, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004750086460262537}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 850.36, 'end': 853.2, 'text': ' online photo storage, printing out pictures.', 'tokens': [50364, 2950, 5052, 6725, 11, 14699, 484, 5242, 13, 50506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 853.2, 'end': 854.72, 'text': ' So, they had needs.', 'tokens': [50506, 407, 11, 436, 632, 2203, 13, 50582], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 854.72, 'end': 857.04, 'text': ' But those things also had needs.', 'tokens': [50582, 583, 729, 721, 611, 632, 2203, 13, 50698], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 857.04, 'end': 859.16, 'text': ' So, what we can do is build a chain of needs.', 'tokens': [50698, 407, 11, 437, 321, 393, 360, 307, 1322, 257, 5021, 295, 2203, 13, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 859.16, 'end': 861.12, 'text': ' A website needs a runtime, needs compute,', 'tokens': [50804, 316, 3144, 2203, 257, 34474, 11, 2203, 14722, 11, 50902], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 861.12, 'end': 863.0, 'text': ' needs a data center, needs power.', 'tokens': [50902, 2203, 257, 1412, 3056, 11, 2203, 1347, 13, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 863.0, 'end': 866.04, 'text': " So, I've got an anchor, so I haven't got position though.", 'tokens': [50996, 407, 11, 286, 600, 658, 364, 18487, 11, 370, 286, 2378, 380, 658, 2535, 1673, 13, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 867.08, 'end': 870.8000000000001, 'text': ' Well, fortunately, a user using your website,', 'tokens': [51200, 1042, 11, 25511, 11, 257, 4195, 1228, 428, 3144, 11, 51386], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 870.8000000000001, 'end': 874.04, 'text': " that's more visible to them than the power", 'tokens': [51386, 300, 311, 544, 8974, 281, 552, 813, 264, 1347, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 874.04, 'end': 876.84, 'text': ' you power your compute in your data center,', 'tokens': [51548, 291, 1347, 428, 14722, 294, 428, 1412, 3056, 11, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 85036, 'start': 876.84, 'end': 878.96, 'text': ' which is used underneath the website is.', 'tokens': [51688, 597, 307, 1143, 7223, 264, 3144, 307, 13, 51794], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11423534483421506, 'compression_ratio': 1.748062015503876, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002317406004294753}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 878.96, 'end': 881.9200000000001, 'text': ' So, you can use think of visibility like distance.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 291, 393, 764, 519, 295, 19883, 411, 4560, 13, 50512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 881.9200000000001, 'end': 884.08, 'text': ' This is near to them, that is far.', 'tokens': [50512, 639, 307, 2651, 281, 552, 11, 300, 307, 1400, 13, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 884.08, 'end': 887.52, 'text': ' And so, what we can do is do a partial ordered chain of needs.', 'tokens': [50620, 400, 370, 11, 437, 321, 393, 360, 307, 360, 257, 14641, 8866, 5021, 295, 2203, 13, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 888.4000000000001, 'end': 890.08, 'text': ' And I just put this axis on the side,', 'tokens': [50836, 400, 286, 445, 829, 341, 10298, 322, 264, 1252, 11, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 890.08, 'end': 892.5600000000001, 'text': " it's completely, you know, it's just there", 'tokens': [50920, 309, 311, 2584, 11, 291, 458, 11, 309, 311, 445, 456, 51044], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 892.5600000000001, 'end': 895.1600000000001, 'text': ' as training wheels really scaffolding.', 'tokens': [51044, 382, 3097, 10046, 534, 44094, 278, 13, 51174], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 895.1600000000001, 'end': 896.5600000000001, 'text': ' It just means that as you go down,', 'tokens': [51174, 467, 445, 1355, 300, 382, 291, 352, 760, 11, 51244], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 896.5600000000001, 'end': 898.4000000000001, 'text': ' the stuff at the bottom is less visible', 'tokens': [51244, 264, 1507, 412, 264, 2767, 307, 1570, 8974, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 898.4000000000001, 'end': 901.9200000000001, 'text': ' than the stuff higher up to the people higher up.', 'tokens': [51336, 813, 264, 1507, 2946, 493, 281, 264, 561, 2946, 493, 13, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 87896, 'start': 901.9200000000001, 'end': 905.52, 'text': " Right, so I've got anchor and position, I'm missing movement.", 'tokens': [51512, 1779, 11, 370, 286, 600, 658, 18487, 293, 2535, 11, 286, 478, 5361, 3963, 13, 51692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15169762831467848, 'compression_ratio': 1.6545454545454545, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010461559286341071}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 905.56, 'end': 908.1999999999999, 'text': ' Well, it turns out that capital evolves', 'tokens': [50366, 1042, 11, 309, 4523, 484, 300, 4238, 43737, 50498], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 908.1999999999999, 'end': 909.56, 'text': ' through a common pattern.', 'tokens': [50498, 807, 257, 2689, 5102, 13, 50566], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 909.56, 'end': 912.0799999999999, 'text': ' So, you get the genesis of a novel and new things,', 'tokens': [50566, 407, 11, 291, 483, 264, 1049, 9374, 295, 257, 7613, 293, 777, 721, 11, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 912.0799999999999, 'end': 914.64, 'text': ' custom built examples, then you get products', 'tokens': [50692, 2375, 3094, 5110, 11, 550, 291, 483, 3383, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 914.64, 'end': 917.12, 'text': ' and rental services, and eventually commodity', 'tokens': [50820, 293, 21468, 3328, 11, 293, 4728, 29125, 50944], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 917.12, 'end': 919.04, 'text': ' and utility services.', 'tokens': [50944, 293, 14877, 3328, 13, 51040], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 919.04, 'end': 921.88, 'text': " And that's all driven by supply and demand competition.", 'tokens': [51040, 400, 300, 311, 439, 9555, 538, 5847, 293, 4733, 6211, 13, 51182], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 921.88, 'end': 924.56, 'text': ' So, what I can do is I can just put this', 'tokens': [51182, 407, 11, 437, 286, 393, 360, 307, 286, 393, 445, 829, 341, 51316], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 924.56, 'end': 927.1999999999999, 'text': " in where it needs to be, and now I've got position", 'tokens': [51316, 294, 689, 309, 2203, 281, 312, 11, 293, 586, 286, 600, 658, 2535, 51448], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 927.1999999999999, 'end': 930.12, 'text': " and movement, I've got an anchor, and this is a map.", 'tokens': [51448, 293, 3963, 11, 286, 600, 658, 364, 18487, 11, 293, 341, 307, 257, 4471, 13, 51594], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 90552, 'start': 930.12, 'end': 934.76, 'text': ' And that was the first map I produced in 2005, 14 years ago.', 'tokens': [51594, 400, 300, 390, 264, 700, 4471, 286, 7126, 294, 14394, 11, 3499, 924, 2057, 13, 51826], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12365014817979601, 'compression_ratio': 1.7048611111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0006548979436047375}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 935.92, 'end': 938.1999999999999, 'text': ' Okay, who cares?', 'tokens': [50384, 1033, 11, 567, 12310, 30, 50498], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 938.1999999999999, 'end': 939.64, 'text': ' What does that matter?', 'tokens': [50498, 708, 775, 300, 1871, 30, 50570], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 939.64, 'end': 943.0799999999999, 'text': " Very simple diagrams don't take much effort at all.", 'tokens': [50570, 4372, 2199, 36709, 500, 380, 747, 709, 4630, 412, 439, 13, 50742], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 943.0799999999999, 'end': 946.8, 'text': " One of our biggest problems is we're trapped by context.", 'tokens': [50742, 1485, 295, 527, 3880, 2740, 307, 321, 434, 14994, 538, 4319, 13, 50928], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 946.8, 'end': 949.6, 'text': " So, I'll give you, there's so many examples of this.", 'tokens': [50928, 407, 11, 286, 603, 976, 291, 11, 456, 311, 370, 867, 5110, 295, 341, 13, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 949.6, 'end': 951.6, 'text': " I'll give you one from an insurance company.", 'tokens': [51068, 286, 603, 976, 291, 472, 490, 364, 7214, 2237, 13, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 951.6, 'end': 954.16, 'text': " I'm not picking on particular insurance,", 'tokens': [51168, 286, 478, 406, 8867, 322, 1729, 7214, 11, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 954.16, 'end': 957.12, 'text': ' if you want terrible, now government, by the way,', 'tokens': [51296, 498, 291, 528, 6237, 11, 586, 2463, 11, 538, 264, 636, 11, 51444], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 957.12, 'end': 959.3199999999999, 'text': ' is nowhere near as wasteful as the private sector.', 'tokens': [51444, 307, 11159, 2651, 382, 5964, 906, 382, 264, 4551, 6977, 13, 51554], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 93552, 'start': 959.3199999999999, 'end': 962.0, 'text': ' You wanna go and have a look at banks, I mean horrendous.', 'tokens': [51554, 509, 1948, 352, 293, 362, 257, 574, 412, 10237, 11, 286, 914, 49520, 563, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14386791653103298, 'compression_ratio': 1.5649122807017544, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002667192311491817}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 962.0, 'end': 966.72, 'text': ' Anyway, so, they had a process flow, they needed compute.', 'tokens': [50364, 5684, 11, 370, 11, 436, 632, 257, 1399, 3095, 11, 436, 2978, 14722, 13, 50600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 966.72, 'end': 969.44, 'text': ' So, they needed compute, order a server,', 'tokens': [50600, 407, 11, 436, 2978, 14722, 11, 1668, 257, 7154, 11, 50736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 970.36, 'end': 971.76, 'text': ' and the server comes into goods in,', 'tokens': [50782, 293, 264, 7154, 1487, 666, 10179, 294, 11, 50852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 971.76, 'end': 973.52, 'text': ' they modify mount and racket.', 'tokens': [50852, 436, 16927, 3746, 293, 41130, 13, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 973.52, 'end': 975.28, 'text': ' And they had a bottleneck here,', 'tokens': [50940, 400, 436, 632, 257, 44641, 547, 510, 11, 51028], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 975.28, 'end': 977.56, 'text': ' in terms of the modifications and mounting.', 'tokens': [51028, 294, 2115, 295, 264, 26881, 293, 22986, 13, 51142], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 977.56, 'end': 979.8, 'text': ' So, they came up with a plan to invest in robotics', 'tokens': [51142, 407, 11, 436, 1361, 493, 365, 257, 1393, 281, 1963, 294, 34145, 51254], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 979.8, 'end': 980.92, 'text': ' to get rid of the bottleneck,', 'tokens': [51254, 281, 483, 3973, 295, 264, 44641, 547, 11, 51310], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 980.92, 'end': 983.56, 'text': ' to make this process flow more efficient.', 'tokens': [51310, 281, 652, 341, 1399, 3095, 544, 7148, 13, 51442], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 983.56, 'end': 986.24, 'text': ' They spent about six months, put a business case together,', 'tokens': [51442, 814, 4418, 466, 2309, 2493, 11, 829, 257, 1606, 1389, 1214, 11, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 986.24, 'end': 988.88, 'text': ' about $2 million investment, return investment,', 'tokens': [51576, 466, 1848, 17, 2459, 6078, 11, 2736, 6078, 11, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 96200, 'start': 988.88, 'end': 990.44, 'text': ' sub one year, all this sort of stuff.', 'tokens': [51708, 1422, 472, 1064, 11, 439, 341, 1333, 295, 1507, 13, 51786], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16182974945727013, 'compression_ratio': 1.8339350180505416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0028031491674482822}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 990.44, 'end': 993.36, 'text': ' Lots of SWAT diagrams, fantastic.', 'tokens': [50364, 15908, 295, 20346, 2218, 36709, 11, 5456, 13, 50510], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 993.36, 'end': 995.84, 'text': ' The problem is, if I start to challenge that story,', 'tokens': [50510, 440, 1154, 307, 11, 498, 286, 722, 281, 3430, 300, 1657, 11, 50634], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 995.84, 'end': 997.5200000000001, 'text': ' they were like, oh, we need robots.', 'tokens': [50634, 436, 645, 411, 11, 1954, 11, 321, 643, 14733, 13, 50718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 997.5200000000001, 'end': 1000.6, 'text': ' So, I asked them, could you just spend 15 minutes,', 'tokens': [50718, 407, 11, 286, 2351, 552, 11, 727, 291, 445, 3496, 2119, 2077, 11, 50872], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1000.6, 'end': 1002.2800000000001, 'text': " and let's just quickly map it.", 'tokens': [50872, 293, 718, 311, 445, 2661, 4471, 309, 13, 50956], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1002.2800000000001, 'end': 1004.4000000000001, 'text': " Remember, they'd spent six months on this.", 'tokens': [50956, 5459, 11, 436, 1116, 4418, 2309, 2493, 322, 341, 13, 51062], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1005.2800000000001, 'end': 1007.9200000000001, 'text': ' Okay, they started off with a user needs compute,', 'tokens': [51106, 1033, 11, 436, 1409, 766, 365, 257, 4195, 2203, 14722, 11, 51238], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1007.9200000000001, 'end': 1010.8800000000001, 'text': ' they put computing product, I might disagree, but okay.', 'tokens': [51238, 436, 829, 15866, 1674, 11, 286, 1062, 14091, 11, 457, 1392, 13, 51386], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1010.8800000000001, 'end': 1013.84, 'text': ' They went order server, server goods in, all very commodity.', 'tokens': [51386, 814, 1437, 1668, 7154, 11, 7154, 10179, 294, 11, 439, 588, 29125, 13, 51534], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1013.84, 'end': 1015.84, 'text': ' And then they went rack mount modify.', 'tokens': [51534, 400, 550, 436, 1437, 14788, 3746, 16927, 13, 51634], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 99044, 'start': 1016.8800000000001, 'end': 1020.32, 'text': ' Gonna leave that there, just for about 30 seconds.', 'tokens': [51686, 20341, 1856, 300, 456, 11, 445, 337, 466, 2217, 3949, 13, 51858], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19610919952392578, 'compression_ratio': 1.5936507936507935, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000984414480626583}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1020.32, 'end': 1021.88, 'text': ' Anybody noticed anything odd?', 'tokens': [50364, 19082, 5694, 1340, 7401, 30, 50442], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1024.48, 'end': 1026.48, 'text': ' Custom built racks, yes.', 'tokens': [50572, 16649, 3094, 47063, 11, 2086, 13, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 375, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1026.48, 'end': 1028.64, 'text': ' I said, why have you got rack in custom built?', 'tokens': [50672, 286, 848, 11, 983, 362, 291, 658, 14788, 294, 2375, 3094, 30, 50780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 376, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1028.64, 'end': 1030.16, 'text': ' And they said, oh, we have our own racks.', 'tokens': [50780, 400, 436, 848, 11, 1954, 11, 321, 362, 527, 1065, 47063, 13, 50856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 377, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1030.16, 'end': 1031.24, 'text': ' What do you mean, we have a company', 'tokens': [50856, 708, 360, 291, 914, 11, 321, 362, 257, 2237, 50910], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 378, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1031.24, 'end': 1032.3200000000002, 'text': ' who make our racks for us.', 'tokens': [50910, 567, 652, 527, 47063, 337, 505, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 379, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1032.3200000000002, 'end': 1035.96, 'text': " Ah, what are the modifications you're making to servers then?", 'tokens': [50964, 2438, 11, 437, 366, 264, 26881, 291, 434, 1455, 281, 15909, 550, 30, 51146], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 380, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1035.96, 'end': 1037.2, 'text': ' Anybody wanna guess?', 'tokens': [51146, 19082, 1948, 2041, 30, 51208], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 381, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1038.4, 'end': 1040.0, 'text': " Yeah, they don't fit into our racks.", 'tokens': [51268, 865, 11, 436, 500, 380, 3318, 666, 527, 47063, 13, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 382, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1040.0, 'end': 1042.52, 'text': ' So, we have to take the cases off', 'tokens': [51348, 407, 11, 321, 362, 281, 747, 264, 3331, 766, 51474], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 383, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1042.52, 'end': 1043.88, 'text': ' and drill new holes, add new plates,', 'tokens': [51474, 293, 11392, 777, 8118, 11, 909, 777, 14231, 11, 51542], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 384, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1043.88, 'end': 1045.4, 'text': ' in order to get them to fit into the racks.', 'tokens': [51542, 294, 1668, 281, 483, 552, 281, 3318, 666, 264, 47063, 13, 51618], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 385, 'seek': 102032, 'start': 1045.4, 'end': 1048.44, 'text': " Ah, and that's why you need robotics, yes.", 'tokens': [51618, 2438, 11, 293, 300, 311, 983, 291, 643, 34145, 11, 2086, 13, 51770], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18012602150845688, 'compression_ratio': 1.7472924187725631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00044108618749305606}, {'id': 386, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1048.44, 'end': 1050.52, 'text': ' At this point, people are going, ah.', 'tokens': [50364, 1711, 341, 935, 11, 561, 366, 516, 11, 3716, 13, 50468], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 387, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1050.52, 'end': 1052.3600000000001, 'text': ' Ha, ha, ha.', 'tokens': [50468, 4064, 11, 324, 11, 324, 13, 50560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 388, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1052.3600000000001, 'end': 1053.92, 'text': ' Anybody got another solution?', 'tokens': [50560, 19082, 658, 1071, 3827, 30, 50638], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 389, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1055.48, 'end': 1057.96, 'text': ' Use standard racks, okay.', 'tokens': [50716, 8278, 3832, 47063, 11, 1392, 13, 50840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 390, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1057.96, 'end': 1059.68, 'text': ' This is what we call evolutionary flow,', 'tokens': [50840, 639, 307, 437, 321, 818, 27567, 3095, 11, 50926], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 391, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1059.68, 'end': 1061.3200000000002, 'text': ' taking out the custom built', 'tokens': [50926, 1940, 484, 264, 2375, 3094, 51008], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 392, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1061.3200000000002, 'end': 1063.88, 'text': " and using more commodity where it's available.", 'tokens': [51008, 293, 1228, 544, 29125, 689, 309, 311, 2435, 13, 51136], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 393, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1063.88, 'end': 1066.68, 'text': ' What, and this is probably one of the most common problems', 'tokens': [51136, 708, 11, 293, 341, 307, 1391, 472, 295, 264, 881, 2689, 2740, 51276], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 394, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1066.68, 'end': 1068.8400000000001, 'text': ' I see, and I see billions spent on this,', 'tokens': [51276, 286, 536, 11, 293, 286, 536, 17375, 4418, 322, 341, 11, 51384], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 395, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1068.8400000000001, 'end': 1071.4, 'text': ' is people optimizing process flows,', 'tokens': [51384, 307, 561, 40425, 1399, 12867, 11, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 396, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1071.4, 'end': 1073.72, 'text': ' which are totally ineffective.', 'tokens': [51512, 597, 366, 3879, 48836, 13, 51628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 397, 'seek': 104844, 'start': 1073.72, 'end': 1077.24, 'text': " Okay, they're making the ineffective far more efficient.", 'tokens': [51628, 1033, 11, 436, 434, 1455, 264, 48836, 1400, 544, 7148, 13, 51804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22983818054199218, 'compression_ratio': 1.6227106227106227, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011611086083576083}, {'id': 398, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1077.36, 'end': 1078.76, 'text': ' In fact, what they should just be doing', 'tokens': [50370, 682, 1186, 11, 437, 436, 820, 445, 312, 884, 50440], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 399, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1078.76, 'end': 1080.04, 'text': ' is using standard racks.', 'tokens': [50440, 307, 1228, 3832, 47063, 13, 50504], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 400, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1080.04, 'end': 1081.16, 'text': ' And of course, once you do that,', 'tokens': [50504, 400, 295, 1164, 11, 1564, 291, 360, 300, 11, 50560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 401, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1081.16, 'end': 1083.52, 'text': " you can say, well, compute, we're an insurance company.", 'tokens': [50560, 291, 393, 584, 11, 731, 11, 14722, 11, 321, 434, 364, 7214, 2237, 13, 50678], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 402, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1083.52, 'end': 1085.88, 'text': ' Really? Come on, that should be over here.', 'tokens': [50678, 4083, 30, 2492, 322, 11, 300, 820, 312, 670, 510, 13, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 403, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1085.88, 'end': 1087.92, 'text': ' We should be more using cloud.', 'tokens': [50796, 492, 820, 312, 544, 1228, 4588, 13, 50898], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 404, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1087.92, 'end': 1089.96, 'text': " That's the process flow we want.", 'tokens': [50898, 663, 311, 264, 1399, 3095, 321, 528, 13, 51000], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 405, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1089.96, 'end': 1091.44, 'text': ' Do we wanna invest in robotics?', 'tokens': [51000, 1144, 321, 1948, 1963, 294, 34145, 30, 51074], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 406, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1091.44, 'end': 1092.64, 'text': ' What do you think?', 'tokens': [51074, 708, 360, 291, 519, 30, 51134], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 407, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1092.64, 'end': 1093.96, 'text': ' No.', 'tokens': [51134, 883, 13, 51200], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 408, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1093.96, 'end': 1096.6, 'text': ' Another example, digital weighing scales.', 'tokens': [51200, 3996, 1365, 11, 4562, 31986, 17408, 13, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 409, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1096.6, 'end': 1100.08, 'text': " So, particular departments, it's all about weighing scales.", 'tokens': [51332, 407, 11, 1729, 15326, 11, 309, 311, 439, 466, 31986, 17408, 13, 51506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 410, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1100.08, 'end': 1101.96, 'text': ' They were really into, you know,', 'tokens': [51506, 814, 645, 534, 666, 11, 291, 458, 11, 51600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 411, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1101.96, 'end': 1103.88, 'text': ' we need digital transformation,', 'tokens': [51600, 321, 643, 4562, 9887, 11, 51696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 412, 'seek': 107724, 'start': 1103.88, 'end': 1106.48, 'text': ' because they were quite traditional in the sense.', 'tokens': [51696, 570, 436, 645, 1596, 5164, 294, 264, 2020, 13, 51826], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15335801442464192, 'compression_ratio': 1.6521739130434783, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0043960013426840305}, {'id': 413, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1106.52, 'end': 1109.32, 'text': ' And what they mean by that is,', 'tokens': [50366, 400, 437, 436, 914, 538, 300, 307, 11, 50506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 414, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1109.32, 'end': 1112.0, 'text': " they're actually an agency for another department,", 'tokens': [50506, 436, 434, 767, 364, 7934, 337, 1071, 5882, 11, 50640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 415, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1112.0, 'end': 1114.44, 'text': ' and they report once a month a figure.', 'tokens': [50640, 293, 436, 2275, 1564, 257, 1618, 257, 2573, 13, 50762], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 416, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1114.44, 'end': 1116.8, 'text': ' And that figure comes from weighing machines,', 'tokens': [50762, 400, 300, 2573, 1487, 490, 31986, 8379, 11, 50880], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 417, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1118.52, 'end': 1120.04, 'text': ' which is weighing paper forms.', 'tokens': [50966, 597, 307, 31986, 3035, 6422, 13, 51042], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 418, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1120.04, 'end': 1122.32, 'text': ' So we produce so many paper forms,', 'tokens': [51042, 407, 321, 5258, 370, 867, 3035, 6422, 11, 51156], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 419, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1122.32, 'end': 1124.44, 'text': " it's actually cheaper to weigh them up", 'tokens': [51156, 309, 311, 767, 12284, 281, 13843, 552, 493, 51262], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 420, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1125.48, 'end': 1126.52, 'text': ' to count the number.', 'tokens': [51314, 281, 1207, 264, 1230, 13, 51366], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 421, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1126.52, 'end': 1128.8, 'text': ' I see, weigh the, how many forms,', 'tokens': [51366, 286, 536, 11, 13843, 264, 11, 577, 867, 6422, 11, 51480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 422, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1128.8, 'end': 1131.04, 'text': ' you use an algorithm to work out how many forms,', 'tokens': [51480, 291, 764, 364, 9284, 281, 589, 484, 577, 867, 6422, 11, 51592], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 423, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1131.04, 'end': 1132.96, 'text': ' rather than physically count them.', 'tokens': [51592, 2831, 813, 9762, 1207, 552, 13, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 424, 'seek': 110648, 'start': 1132.96, 'end': 1135.1200000000001, 'text': " And that's the figure they report back once a month.", 'tokens': [51688, 400, 300, 311, 264, 2573, 436, 2275, 646, 1564, 257, 1618, 13, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22177496410551525, 'compression_ratio': 1.874493927125506, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018764347769320011}, {'id': 425, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1135.2399999999998, 'end': 1136.9199999999998, 'text': ' And of course, very manual process,', 'tokens': [50370, 400, 295, 1164, 11, 588, 9688, 1399, 11, 50454], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 426, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1136.9199999999998, 'end': 1139.28, 'text': ' so they wanted to use brand new spanking,', 'tokens': [50454, 370, 436, 1415, 281, 764, 3360, 777, 637, 29411, 11, 50572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 427, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1139.28, 'end': 1143.36, 'text': ' digital scales, and connected to their system.', 'tokens': [50572, 4562, 17408, 11, 293, 4582, 281, 641, 1185, 13, 50776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 428, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1143.36, 'end': 1145.84, 'text': ' Make it better, sounds sensible.', 'tokens': [50776, 4387, 309, 1101, 11, 3263, 25380, 13, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 429, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1145.84, 'end': 1147.52, 'text': " All right, so that's where they started.", 'tokens': [50900, 1057, 558, 11, 370, 300, 311, 689, 436, 1409, 13, 50984], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 430, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1147.52, 'end': 1148.76, 'text': ' And I said, well, do you mind if I just have', 'tokens': [50984, 400, 286, 848, 11, 731, 11, 360, 291, 1575, 498, 286, 445, 362, 51046], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 431, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1148.76, 'end': 1150.08, 'text': ' a little bit of a look?', 'tokens': [51046, 257, 707, 857, 295, 257, 574, 30, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 432, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1150.08, 'end': 1151.08, 'text': ' And they went okay.', 'tokens': [51112, 400, 436, 1437, 1392, 13, 51162], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 433, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1151.08, 'end': 1153.1999999999998, 'text': ' So I said, where are the paper forms coming from?', 'tokens': [51162, 407, 286, 848, 11, 689, 366, 264, 3035, 6422, 1348, 490, 30, 51268], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 434, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1153.1999999999998, 'end': 1154.76, 'text': ' And they said they come from goods in.', 'tokens': [51268, 400, 436, 848, 436, 808, 490, 10179, 294, 13, 51346], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 435, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1154.76, 'end': 1156.4799999999998, 'text': ' So I walked down to goods in and said,', 'tokens': [51346, 407, 286, 7628, 760, 281, 10179, 294, 293, 848, 11, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 436, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1156.4799999999998, 'end': 1158.4799999999998, 'text': ' where are you getting your paper forms from?', 'tokens': [51432, 689, 366, 291, 1242, 428, 3035, 6422, 490, 30, 51532], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 437, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1158.4799999999998, 'end': 1160.2399999999998, 'text': " We're getting them from distribution sites", 'tokens': [51532, 492, 434, 1242, 552, 490, 7316, 7533, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 438, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1160.2399999999998, 'end': 1161.32, 'text': ' all over the country.', 'tokens': [51620, 439, 670, 264, 1941, 13, 51674], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 439, 'seek': 113512, 'start': 1161.32, 'end': 1162.4799999999998, 'text': " They're pretty standardized.", 'tokens': [51674, 814, 434, 1238, 31677, 13, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16833726665641688, 'compression_ratio': 1.747634069400631, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007092612213455141}, {'id': 440, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1162.48, 'end': 1163.4, 'text': ' Ah, okay.', 'tokens': [50364, 2438, 11, 1392, 13, 50410], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 441, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1163.4, 'end': 1165.52, 'text': ' So I went to visit a distribution site.', 'tokens': [50410, 407, 286, 1437, 281, 3441, 257, 7316, 3621, 13, 50516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 442, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1165.52, 'end': 1167.52, 'text': ' Where are you getting your paper forms from?', 'tokens': [50516, 2305, 366, 291, 1242, 428, 3035, 6422, 490, 30, 50616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 443, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1167.52, 'end': 1168.96, 'text': " Ah, we're printing them out.", 'tokens': [50616, 2438, 11, 321, 434, 14699, 552, 484, 13, 50688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 444, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1168.96, 'end': 1171.16, 'text': " Right, you're printing out the paper forms, yes,", 'tokens': [50688, 1779, 11, 291, 434, 14699, 484, 264, 3035, 6422, 11, 2086, 11, 50798], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 445, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1171.16, 'end': 1172.76, 'text': " which you're then sending to this other group.", 'tokens': [50798, 597, 291, 434, 550, 7750, 281, 341, 661, 1594, 13, 50878], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 446, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1172.76, 'end': 1174.92, 'text': ' Right, and where are you printing them out from?', 'tokens': [50878, 1779, 11, 293, 689, 366, 291, 14699, 552, 484, 490, 30, 50986], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 447, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1174.92, 'end': 1175.92, 'text': ' Oh, from our website.', 'tokens': [50986, 876, 11, 490, 527, 3144, 13, 51036], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 448, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1175.92, 'end': 1178.16, 'text': ' Our users fill it online,', 'tokens': [51036, 2621, 5022, 2836, 309, 2950, 11, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 449, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1178.16, 'end': 1179.8, 'text': ' and it goes into our CRM system,', 'tokens': [51148, 293, 309, 1709, 666, 527, 14123, 44, 1185, 11, 51230], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 450, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1179.8, 'end': 1181.4, 'text': ' and then you print out the paper forms, yes,', 'tokens': [51230, 293, 550, 291, 4482, 484, 264, 3035, 6422, 11, 2086, 11, 51310], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 451, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1181.4, 'end': 1182.92, 'text': ' and you send this to this other group, yes.', 'tokens': [51310, 293, 291, 2845, 341, 281, 341, 661, 1594, 11, 2086, 13, 51386], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 452, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1182.92, 'end': 1183.88, 'text': ' Do you know what they do with them?', 'tokens': [51386, 1144, 291, 458, 437, 436, 360, 365, 552, 30, 51434], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 453, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1183.88, 'end': 1185.72, 'text': ' No, they weigh them.', 'tokens': [51434, 883, 11, 436, 13843, 552, 13, 51526], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 454, 'seek': 116248, 'start': 1185.72, 'end': 1190.48, 'text': " To work out how many you've printed out.", 'tokens': [51526, 1407, 589, 484, 577, 867, 291, 600, 13567, 484, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12240029551500192, 'compression_ratio': 1.9280575539568345, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001168954186141491}, {'id': 455, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1190.48, 'end': 1193.44, 'text': " And we've got distribution sites all over the country.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 321, 600, 658, 7316, 7533, 439, 670, 264, 1941, 13, 50512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 456, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1193.44, 'end': 1195.08, 'text': ' Now, all of this stuff can be replaced', 'tokens': [50512, 823, 11, 439, 295, 341, 1507, 393, 312, 10772, 50594], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 457, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1195.08, 'end': 1196.64, 'text': ' with select count staff and table.', 'tokens': [50594, 365, 3048, 1207, 3525, 293, 3199, 13, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 458, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1196.64, 'end': 1202.68, 'text': " Now, it's not that people are daft.", 'tokens': [50672, 823, 11, 309, 311, 406, 300, 561, 366, 1120, 844, 13, 50974], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 459, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1202.68, 'end': 1207.04, 'text': " It's just they're trapped by context, okay?", 'tokens': [50974, 467, 311, 445, 436, 434, 14994, 538, 4319, 11, 1392, 30, 51192], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 460, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1207.04, 'end': 1209.68, 'text': ' So does digital weighing scales make sense there?', 'tokens': [51192, 407, 775, 4562, 31986, 17408, 652, 2020, 456, 30, 51324], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 461, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1209.68, 'end': 1211.3600000000001, 'text': ' No, of course it does.', 'tokens': [51324, 883, 11, 295, 1164, 309, 775, 13, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 462, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1211.3600000000001, 'end': 1213.16, 'text': ' But the problem is people get trapped,', 'tokens': [51408, 583, 264, 1154, 307, 561, 483, 14994, 11, 51498], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 463, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1213.16, 'end': 1215.04, 'text': " so they're trying to make it efficient at the top,", 'tokens': [51498, 370, 436, 434, 1382, 281, 652, 309, 7148, 412, 264, 1192, 11, 51592], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 464, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1215.04, 'end': 1216.28, 'text': " and they're trying to make it efficient", 'tokens': [51592, 293, 436, 434, 1382, 281, 652, 309, 7148, 51654], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 465, 'seek': 119048, 'start': 1216.28, 'end': 1218.0, 'text': ' in terms of printing forms out at the bottom.', 'tokens': [51654, 294, 2115, 295, 14699, 6422, 484, 412, 264, 2767, 13, 51740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16862654498242957, 'compression_ratio': 1.7442748091603053, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00408190069720149}, {'id': 466, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1218.04, 'end': 1221.12, 'text': " When you look at the whole thing, it's a horror show.", 'tokens': [50366, 1133, 291, 574, 412, 264, 1379, 551, 11, 309, 311, 257, 11501, 855, 13, 50520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 467, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1221.12, 'end': 1223.84, 'text': ' So then we get into patterns.', 'tokens': [50520, 407, 550, 321, 483, 666, 8294, 13, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 468, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1223.84, 'end': 1226.4, 'text': ' So once you start learning about the landscape', 'tokens': [50656, 407, 1564, 291, 722, 2539, 466, 264, 9661, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 469, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1226.4, 'end': 1228.16, 'text': ' and challenging others, et cetera,', 'tokens': [50784, 293, 7595, 2357, 11, 1030, 11458, 11, 50872], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 470, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1228.16, 'end': 1230.04, 'text': ' and questioning why we do stuff,', 'tokens': [50872, 293, 21257, 983, 321, 360, 1507, 11, 50966], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 471, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1230.04, 'end': 1232.64, 'text': ' you start to learn patterns like climactic patterns', 'tokens': [50966, 291, 722, 281, 1466, 8294, 411, 5644, 19892, 8294, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 472, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1232.64, 'end': 1235.24, 'text': ' and doctrine, and eventually you get into gameplay,', 'tokens': [51096, 293, 23290, 11, 293, 4728, 291, 483, 666, 11421, 11, 51226], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 473, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1235.24, 'end': 1237.6, 'text': ' ways of manipulating the market.', 'tokens': [51226, 2098, 295, 40805, 264, 2142, 13, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 474, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1237.6, 'end': 1240.6, 'text': ' So climatic patterns are rules that influence the game.', 'tokens': [51344, 407, 5644, 2399, 8294, 366, 4474, 300, 6503, 264, 1216, 13, 51494], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 475, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1240.6, 'end': 1242.72, 'text': " Simple things, like you've got a map,", 'tokens': [51494, 21532, 721, 11, 411, 291, 600, 658, 257, 4471, 11, 51600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 476, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1242.72, 'end': 1245.8, 'text': ' everything will evolve, supply and demand competition.', 'tokens': [51600, 1203, 486, 16693, 11, 5847, 293, 4733, 6211, 13, 51754], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 477, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1245.8, 'end': 1247.52, 'text': ' It will evolve.', 'tokens': [51754, 467, 486, 16693, 13, 51840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1278858184814453, 'compression_ratio': 1.7921146953405018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025831381790339947}, {'id': 478, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1247.56, 'end': 1249.96, 'text': " It's a product now, it becomes a commodity.", 'tokens': [50366, 467, 311, 257, 1674, 586, 11, 309, 3643, 257, 29125, 13, 50486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 479, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1249.96, 'end': 1253.24, 'text': ' Another pattern you learn is we have inertia to that change,', 'tokens': [50486, 3996, 5102, 291, 1466, 307, 321, 362, 37234, 281, 300, 1319, 11, 50650], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 480, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1253.24, 'end': 1255.32, 'text': ' because of pre-existing capital,', 'tokens': [50650, 570, 295, 659, 12, 36447, 4238, 11, 50754], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 481, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1255.32, 'end': 1258.12, 'text': ' about 16 different forms of inertia.', 'tokens': [50754, 466, 3165, 819, 6422, 295, 37234, 13, 50894], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 482, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1258.12, 'end': 1260.24, 'text': ' That can be really troublesome.', 'tokens': [50894, 663, 393, 312, 534, 46838, 13, 51000], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 483, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1260.24, 'end': 1263.0, 'text': ' Blockbuster, Netflix, who was first with the website?', 'tokens': [51000, 17500, 41148, 11, 12778, 11, 567, 390, 700, 365, 264, 3144, 30, 51138], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 484, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1263.96, 'end': 1267.4, 'text': ' Blockbuster, who was first with video ordering online?', 'tokens': [51186, 17500, 41148, 11, 567, 390, 700, 365, 960, 21739, 2950, 30, 51358], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 485, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1267.4, 'end': 1271.72, 'text': ' Blockbuster, who was first with video streaming experiments?', 'tokens': [51358, 17500, 41148, 11, 567, 390, 700, 365, 960, 11791, 12050, 30, 51574], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 486, 'seek': 124752, 'start': 1271.72, 'end': 1274.16, 'text': ' Blockbuster, who went bankrupt first?', 'tokens': [51574, 17500, 41148, 11, 567, 1437, 21780, 700, 30, 51696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18461532592773439, 'compression_ratio': 1.7468354430379747, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018022552831098437}, {'id': 487, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1275.16, 'end': 1278.5600000000002, 'text': ' Why? They out-innovated everyone.', 'tokens': [50414, 1545, 30, 814, 484, 12, 259, 4185, 770, 1518, 13, 50584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 488, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1279.5600000000002, 'end': 1281.2, 'text': ' So how did they go bankrupt?', 'tokens': [50634, 407, 577, 630, 436, 352, 21780, 30, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 489, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1281.2, 'end': 1282.44, 'text': ' The CEO.', 'tokens': [50716, 440, 9282, 13, 50778], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 490, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1282.44, 'end': 1283.44, 'text': ' Mm-hmm?', 'tokens': [50778, 8266, 12, 10250, 30, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 491, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1283.44, 'end': 1284.5600000000002, 'text': ' The CEO, like you...', 'tokens': [50828, 440, 9282, 11, 411, 291, 485, 50884], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 492, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1284.5600000000002, 'end': 1286.92, 'text': " Well, yeah, the CEO didn't know what they were doing.", 'tokens': [50884, 1042, 11, 1338, 11, 264, 9282, 994, 380, 458, 437, 436, 645, 884, 13, 51002], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 493, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1286.92, 'end': 1288.5600000000002, 'text': " No, it's pre-existing business model.", 'tokens': [51002, 883, 11, 309, 311, 659, 12, 36447, 1606, 2316, 13, 51084], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 494, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1288.5600000000002, 'end': 1291.5600000000002, 'text': ' Absolutely, yeah, so the CEO, just like me.', 'tokens': [51084, 7021, 11, 1338, 11, 370, 264, 9282, 11, 445, 411, 385, 13, 51234], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 495, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1291.5600000000002, 'end': 1292.8000000000002, 'text': ' It was late fees.', 'tokens': [51234, 467, 390, 3469, 13370, 13, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 496, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1293.8000000000002, 'end': 1295.48, 'text': ' You remember late fees?', 'tokens': [51346, 509, 1604, 3469, 13370, 30, 51430], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 497, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1295.48, 'end': 1297.8000000000002, 'text': " One of these days I'm going to say this,", 'tokens': [51430, 1485, 295, 613, 1708, 286, 478, 516, 281, 584, 341, 11, 51546], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 498, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1297.8000000000002, 'end': 1298.96, 'text': " and somebody's going to go,", 'tokens': [51546, 293, 2618, 311, 516, 281, 352, 11, 51604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 499, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1298.96, 'end': 1300.64, 'text': " what's a video cassette recorder?", 'tokens': [51604, 437, 311, 257, 960, 40514, 37744, 30, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 500, 'seek': 127416, 'start': 1300.64, 'end': 1302.68, 'text': ' Do you remember video cassette recorders', 'tokens': [51688, 1144, 291, 1604, 960, 40514, 2136, 433, 51790], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4331618875697039, 'compression_ratio': 1.6168582375478928, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0027272740844637156}, {'id': 501, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1302.72, 'end': 1304.6000000000001, 'text': ' and how you always promised to bring them back', 'tokens': [50366, 293, 577, 291, 1009, 10768, 281, 1565, 552, 646, 50460], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 502, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1304.6000000000001, 'end': 1306.44, 'text': ' and you always forgot?', 'tokens': [50460, 293, 291, 1009, 5298, 30, 50552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 503, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1306.44, 'end': 1308.3200000000002, 'text': " Right, that's where they made most of their money,", 'tokens': [50552, 1779, 11, 300, 311, 689, 436, 1027, 881, 295, 641, 1460, 11, 50646], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 504, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1308.3200000000002, 'end': 1309.8, 'text': " and you don't get that in streaming.", 'tokens': [50646, 293, 291, 500, 380, 483, 300, 294, 11791, 13, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 505, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1309.8, 'end': 1311.96, 'text': ' So despite they out-innovated everybody else,', 'tokens': [50720, 407, 7228, 436, 484, 12, 259, 4185, 770, 2201, 1646, 11, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 506, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1311.96, 'end': 1313.8, 'text': " that's what hit them.", 'tokens': [50828, 300, 311, 437, 2045, 552, 13, 50920], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 507, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1313.8, 'end': 1315.3200000000002, 'text': ' The next thing you learn is that', 'tokens': [50920, 440, 958, 551, 291, 1466, 307, 300, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 508, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1315.3200000000002, 'end': 1317.6000000000001, 'text': ' as things evolve and become more efficient,', 'tokens': [50996, 382, 721, 16693, 293, 1813, 544, 7148, 11, 51110], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 509, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1317.6000000000001, 'end': 1320.04, 'text': ' they enable higher-order systems to appear.', 'tokens': [51110, 436, 9528, 2946, 12, 4687, 3652, 281, 4204, 13, 51232], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 510, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1320.04, 'end': 1323.68, 'text': ' So electricity as a utility enables radio, television,', 'tokens': [51232, 407, 10356, 382, 257, 14877, 17077, 6477, 11, 8815, 11, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 511, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1323.68, 'end': 1325.2, 'text': ' all that sort of stuff.', 'tokens': [51414, 439, 300, 1333, 295, 1507, 13, 51490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 512, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1325.2, 'end': 1327.04, 'text': " That's componentization,", 'tokens': [51490, 663, 311, 6542, 2144, 11, 51582], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 513, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1327.04, 'end': 1330.6000000000001, 'text': " Herbert Simon's theory of hierarchy, pretty basic stuff.", 'tokens': [51582, 41942, 13193, 311, 5261, 295, 22333, 11, 1238, 3875, 1507, 13, 51760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 514, 'seek': 130268, 'start': 1330.6000000000001, 'end': 1331.96, 'text': ' Now, we call this new area', 'tokens': [51760, 823, 11, 321, 818, 341, 777, 1859, 51828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15972518920898438, 'compression_ratio': 1.7006369426751593, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004123153630644083}, {'id': 515, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1332.04, 'end': 1334.52, 'text': ' the adjacent unexplored, all exciting,', 'tokens': [50368, 264, 24441, 11572, 564, 2769, 11, 439, 4670, 11, 50492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 516, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1334.52, 'end': 1335.48, 'text': ' all sort of new stuff.', 'tokens': [50492, 439, 1333, 295, 777, 1507, 13, 50540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 517, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1335.48, 'end': 1337.6000000000001, 'text': " We don't know what's going to succeed,", 'tokens': [50540, 492, 500, 380, 458, 437, 311, 516, 281, 7754, 11, 50646], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 518, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1337.6000000000001, 'end': 1340.64, 'text': ' so ear be dragons, okay?', 'tokens': [50646, 370, 1273, 312, 27240, 11, 1392, 30, 50798], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 519, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1340.64, 'end': 1343.72, 'text': ' Now, what also happens is those higher-order systems', 'tokens': [50798, 823, 11, 437, 611, 2314, 307, 729, 2946, 12, 4687, 3652, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 520, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1343.72, 'end': 1346.16, 'text': ' create new industries of worth or value.', 'tokens': [50952, 1884, 777, 13284, 295, 3163, 420, 2158, 13, 51074], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 521, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1346.16, 'end': 1347.92, 'text': " So you don't know whether it's going to be the box", 'tokens': [51074, 407, 291, 500, 380, 458, 1968, 309, 311, 516, 281, 312, 264, 2424, 51162], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 522, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1347.92, 'end': 1349.2, 'text': ' which does pictures,', 'tokens': [51162, 597, 775, 5242, 11, 51226], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 523, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1349.2, 'end': 1351.96, 'text': " or whether it's going to be the refrigeration blanket.", 'tokens': [51226, 420, 1968, 309, 311, 516, 281, 312, 264, 14162, 399, 17907, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 524, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1351.96, 'end': 1354.28, 'text': ' I mean, back then I would have gone refrigeration blanket.', 'tokens': [51364, 286, 914, 11, 646, 550, 286, 576, 362, 2780, 14162, 399, 17907, 13, 51480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 525, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1354.28, 'end': 1355.92, 'text': " Everybody's going to want one of those.", 'tokens': [51480, 7646, 311, 516, 281, 528, 472, 295, 729, 13, 51562], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 526, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1355.92, 'end': 1358.8400000000001, 'text': ' Turns out it was the box with moving pictures.', 'tokens': [51562, 29524, 484, 309, 390, 264, 2424, 365, 2684, 5242, 13, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 527, 'seek': 133196, 'start': 1358.8400000000001, 'end': 1361.3600000000001, 'text': ' But what you get is higher-order systems', 'tokens': [51708, 583, 437, 291, 483, 307, 2946, 12, 4687, 3652, 51834], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10275875962020567, 'compression_ratio': 1.819112627986348, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023094816133379936}, {'id': 528, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1361.36, 'end': 1362.6, 'text': ' and they create new industries,', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 436, 1884, 777, 13284, 11, 50426], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 529, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1362.6, 'end': 1365.4799999999998, 'text': ' Hollywood, television, media, et cetera.', 'tokens': [50426, 11628, 11, 8815, 11, 3021, 11, 1030, 11458, 13, 50570], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 530, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1365.4799999999998, 'end': 1368.6799999999998, 'text': ' Okay, now the point about this is I can take a map,', 'tokens': [50570, 1033, 11, 586, 264, 935, 466, 341, 307, 286, 393, 747, 257, 4471, 11, 50730], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 531, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1368.6799999999998, 'end': 1370.8, 'text': ' I can apply common economic patterns,', 'tokens': [50730, 286, 393, 3079, 2689, 4836, 8294, 11, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 532, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1370.8, 'end': 1372.9599999999998, 'text': ' and now I can see where to invest.', 'tokens': [50836, 293, 586, 286, 393, 536, 689, 281, 1963, 13, 50944], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 533, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1372.9599999999998, 'end': 1374.24, 'text': ' Do I want to differentiate?', 'tokens': [50944, 1144, 286, 528, 281, 23203, 30, 51008], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 534, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1374.24, 'end': 1377.52, 'text': ' Do I want to invest in runtime becoming a utility,', 'tokens': [51008, 1144, 286, 528, 281, 1963, 294, 34474, 5617, 257, 14877, 11, 51172], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 535, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1377.52, 'end': 1379.28, 'text': ' or computers a utility,', 'tokens': [51172, 420, 10807, 257, 14877, 11, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 536, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1379.28, 'end': 1382.32, 'text': ' or wait till somebody else does the game and build on top?', 'tokens': [51260, 420, 1699, 4288, 2618, 1646, 775, 264, 1216, 293, 1322, 322, 1192, 30, 51412], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 537, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1382.32, 'end': 1385.08, 'text': ' And this was our discussion in 2005.', 'tokens': [51412, 400, 341, 390, 527, 5017, 294, 14394, 13, 51550], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 538, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1385.08, 'end': 1387.6, 'text': ' I thought it was going to be Google doing this bit.', 'tokens': [51550, 286, 1194, 309, 390, 516, 281, 312, 3329, 884, 341, 857, 13, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 539, 'seek': 136136, 'start': 1387.6, 'end': 1389.56, 'text': ' Turned out it was Amazon next year.', 'tokens': [51676, 7956, 292, 484, 309, 390, 6795, 958, 1064, 13, 51774], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10360187558985468, 'compression_ratio': 1.6079734219269104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0010952821467071772}, {'id': 540, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1391.4399999999998, 'end': 1392.8799999999999, 'text': ' But why not invest here?', 'tokens': [50368, 583, 983, 406, 1963, 510, 30, 50440], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 541, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1393.8799999999999, 'end': 1396.4799999999998, 'text': ' Well, this stuff is behind these inertia barriers.', 'tokens': [50490, 1042, 11, 341, 1507, 307, 2261, 613, 37234, 13565, 13, 50620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 542, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1396.4799999999998, 'end': 1398.0, 'text': ' So I might think I want to do that', 'tokens': [50620, 407, 286, 1062, 519, 286, 528, 281, 360, 300, 50696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 543, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1398.0, 'end': 1399.56, 'text': ' because it improves process flow,', 'tokens': [50696, 570, 309, 24771, 1399, 3095, 11, 50774], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 544, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1399.56, 'end': 1402.08, 'text': ' but the one, the first rule you learn,', 'tokens': [50774, 457, 264, 472, 11, 264, 700, 4978, 291, 1466, 11, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 545, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1402.08, 'end': 1404.08, 'text': ' manage the evolutionary flow', 'tokens': [50900, 3067, 264, 27567, 3095, 51000], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 546, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1404.08, 'end': 1405.9599999999998, 'text': ' before you manage the process flow.', 'tokens': [51000, 949, 291, 3067, 264, 1399, 3095, 13, 51094], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 547, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1406.9599999999998, 'end': 1407.8, 'text': " So that's what we did.", 'tokens': [51144, 407, 300, 311, 437, 321, 630, 13, 51186], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 548, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1407.8, 'end': 1409.76, 'text': ' We launched, we used this,', 'tokens': [51186, 492, 8730, 11, 321, 1143, 341, 11, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 549, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1409.76, 'end': 1412.56, 'text': ' we anticipated someone would play a utility game.', 'tokens': [51284, 321, 23267, 1580, 576, 862, 257, 14877, 1216, 13, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 550, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1412.56, 'end': 1413.8, 'text': ' So we built the first,', 'tokens': [51424, 407, 321, 3094, 264, 700, 11, 51486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 551, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1413.8, 'end': 1415.84, 'text': ' what is now called a serverless environment,', 'tokens': [51486, 437, 307, 586, 1219, 257, 7154, 1832, 2823, 11, 51588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 552, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1415.84, 'end': 1417.24, 'text': ' JavaScript front and back end,', 'tokens': [51588, 15778, 1868, 293, 646, 917, 11, 51658], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 553, 'seek': 139136, 'start': 1417.24, 'end': 1419.6399999999999, 'text': ' billing per function.', 'tokens': [51658, 35618, 680, 2445, 13, 51778], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1184167715219351, 'compression_ratio': 1.6398601398601398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001030614716000855}, {'id': 554, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1419.64, 'end': 1423.16, 'text': ' We launched it in 2006.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 8730, 309, 294, 14062, 13, 50540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 555, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1423.16, 'end': 1424.16, 'text': ' Amazon then launched,', 'tokens': [50540, 6795, 550, 8730, 11, 50590], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 556, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1424.16, 'end': 1426.8400000000001, 'text': ' so we repositioned our system on top of Amazon.', 'tokens': [50590, 370, 321, 1085, 5830, 292, 527, 1185, 322, 1192, 295, 6795, 13, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 557, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1426.8400000000001, 'end': 1429.44, 'text': ' This was Zimki, grew like hotcakes.', 'tokens': [50724, 639, 390, 1176, 332, 2984, 11, 6109, 411, 2368, 18853, 13, 50854], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 558, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1429.44, 'end': 1431.5600000000002, 'text': ' And so we had three projects going on,', 'tokens': [50854, 400, 370, 321, 632, 1045, 4455, 516, 322, 11, 50960], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 559, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1431.5600000000002, 'end': 1433.68, 'text': ' through mapping, 3D printing,', 'tokens': [50960, 807, 18350, 11, 805, 35, 14699, 11, 51066], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 560, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1433.68, 'end': 1435.68, 'text': ' use of mobile phones as cameras,', 'tokens': [51066, 764, 295, 6013, 10216, 382, 8622, 11, 51166], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 561, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1435.68, 'end': 1440.68, 'text': ' and this platform of serverless, actually, cloud stuff.', 'tokens': [51166, 293, 341, 3663, 295, 7154, 1832, 11, 767, 11, 4588, 1507, 13, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 562, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1441.3600000000001, 'end': 1442.92, 'text': ' And that was growing like hotcakes.', 'tokens': [51450, 400, 300, 390, 4194, 411, 2368, 18853, 13, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 563, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1442.92, 'end': 1443.92, 'text': ' And then we had the big,', 'tokens': [51528, 400, 550, 321, 632, 264, 955, 11, 51578], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 564, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1443.92, 'end': 1446.3200000000002, 'text': ' expensive management consultants come in', 'tokens': [51578, 5124, 4592, 38935, 808, 294, 51698], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 565, 'seek': 141964, 'start': 1446.3200000000002, 'end': 1448.24, 'text': ' and explain to our parent company,', 'tokens': [51698, 293, 2903, 281, 527, 2596, 2237, 11, 51794], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16804290014850207, 'compression_ratio': 1.606060606060606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038714278489351273}, {'id': 566, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1448.28, 'end': 1450.48, 'text': " you're getting it all wrong.", 'tokens': [50366, 291, 434, 1242, 309, 439, 2085, 13, 50476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 567, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1450.48, 'end': 1453.8, 'text': ' The future is 3D TV.', 'tokens': [50476, 440, 2027, 307, 805, 35, 3558, 13, 50642], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 568, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1453.8, 'end': 1454.64, 'text': ' So we shut it all down,', 'tokens': [50642, 407, 321, 5309, 309, 439, 760, 11, 50684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 569, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1454.64, 'end': 1456.8, 'text': ' spent a billion dollars on 3D TV.', 'tokens': [50684, 4418, 257, 5218, 3808, 322, 805, 35, 3558, 13, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 570, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1456.8, 'end': 1458.88, 'text': ' Anybody have a 3D TV here?', 'tokens': [50792, 19082, 362, 257, 805, 35, 3558, 510, 30, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 571, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1460.76, 'end': 1462.0, 'text': ' Do you use it?', 'tokens': [50990, 1144, 291, 764, 309, 30, 51052], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 572, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1462.0, 'end': 1463.36, 'text': ' No.', 'tokens': [51052, 883, 13, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 573, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1463.36, 'end': 1465.76, 'text': ' Anybody use one?', 'tokens': [51120, 19082, 764, 472, 30, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 574, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1465.76, 'end': 1466.88, 'text': ' Anybody use cloud?', 'tokens': [51240, 19082, 764, 4588, 30, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 575, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1468.68, 'end': 1470.04, 'text': ' My mobile phone is a camera.', 'tokens': [51386, 1222, 6013, 2593, 307, 257, 2799, 13, 51454], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 576, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1471.52, 'end': 1472.76, 'text': ' 3D printing, yeah.', 'tokens': [51528, 805, 35, 14699, 11, 1338, 13, 51590], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 577, 'seek': 144824, 'start': 1472.76, 'end': 1476.28, 'text': " You can see, I'm not a big fan of US based,", 'tokens': [51590, 509, 393, 536, 11, 286, 478, 406, 257, 955, 3429, 295, 2546, 2361, 11, 51766], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19804143005946898, 'compression_ratio': 1.441025641025641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011960541596636176}, {'id': 578, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1476.32, 'end': 1479.12, 'text': ' large consultancy strategy firms.', 'tokens': [50366, 2416, 7189, 6717, 5206, 18055, 13, 50506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 579, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1479.12, 'end': 1481.84, 'text': " Anyway, so it didn't matter.", 'tokens': [50506, 5684, 11, 370, 309, 994, 380, 1871, 13, 50642], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 580, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1482.92, 'end': 1485.92, 'text': " I had a map and we'd learned how to map and use maps.", 'tokens': [50696, 286, 632, 257, 4471, 293, 321, 1116, 3264, 577, 281, 4471, 293, 764, 11317, 13, 50846], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 581, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1485.92, 'end': 1487.28, 'text': ' And I thought everybody else in the world', 'tokens': [50846, 400, 286, 1194, 2201, 1646, 294, 264, 1002, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 582, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1487.28, 'end': 1488.8, 'text': ' was doing this at that time.', 'tokens': [50914, 390, 884, 341, 412, 300, 565, 13, 50990], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 583, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1488.8, 'end': 1491.16, 'text': " It took me many, many years to discover they weren't.", 'tokens': [50990, 467, 1890, 385, 867, 11, 867, 924, 281, 4411, 436, 4999, 380, 13, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 584, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1491.16, 'end': 1494.2, 'text': ' So I used the techniques at Ubuntu.', 'tokens': [51108, 407, 286, 1143, 264, 7512, 412, 30230, 45605, 13, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 585, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1494.2, 'end': 1496.36, 'text': ' Anybody know what Ubuntu is?', 'tokens': [51260, 19082, 458, 437, 30230, 45605, 307, 30, 51368], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 586, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1496.36, 'end': 1497.32, 'text': ' Yes?', 'tokens': [51368, 1079, 30, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 587, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1497.32, 'end': 1500.76, 'text': ' Right, so we mapped out the environment in 2008.', 'tokens': [51416, 1779, 11, 370, 321, 33318, 484, 264, 2823, 294, 10389, 13, 51588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 588, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1500.76, 'end': 1502.24, 'text': ' We were about two to three percent', 'tokens': [51588, 492, 645, 466, 732, 281, 1045, 3043, 51662], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 589, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1502.24, 'end': 1503.8799999999999, 'text': ' of the operating system market.', 'tokens': [51662, 295, 264, 7447, 1185, 2142, 13, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 590, 'seek': 147628, 'start': 1503.8799999999999, 'end': 1505.84, 'text': ' We used the map to attack the space.', 'tokens': [51744, 492, 1143, 264, 4471, 281, 2690, 264, 1901, 13, 51842], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15189247972824993, 'compression_ratio': 1.6280701754385964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005028195213526487}, {'id': 591, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1505.84, 'end': 1507.6799999999998, 'text': ' It cost me half a million.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 2063, 385, 1922, 257, 2459, 13, 50456], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 592, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1507.6799999999998, 'end': 1510.12, 'text': " We're up against Microsoft and Red Hat", 'tokens': [50456, 492, 434, 493, 1970, 8116, 293, 4477, 15867, 50578], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 593, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1510.12, 'end': 1513.28, 'text': ' to take 70% of all cloud in 18 months.', 'tokens': [50578, 281, 747, 5285, 4, 295, 439, 4588, 294, 2443, 2493, 13, 50736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 594, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1513.28, 'end': 1516.28, 'text': ' Does anybody remember that 2008, 2010,', 'tokens': [50736, 4402, 4472, 1604, 300, 10389, 11, 9657, 11, 50886], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 595, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1516.28, 'end': 1518.04, 'text': " where Ubuntu was like, you've not heard of it", 'tokens': [50886, 689, 30230, 45605, 390, 411, 11, 291, 600, 406, 2198, 295, 309, 50974], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 596, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1518.04, 'end': 1520.04, 'text': ' and then suddenly it was everywhere?', 'tokens': [50974, 293, 550, 5800, 309, 390, 5315, 30, 51074], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 597, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1520.04, 'end': 1521.8799999999999, 'text': ' Thank you, you were mapped.', 'tokens': [51074, 1044, 291, 11, 291, 645, 33318, 13, 51166], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 598, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1523.48, 'end': 1525.1599999999999, 'text': ' And then I wrote something called the better for less,', 'tokens': [51246, 400, 550, 286, 4114, 746, 1219, 264, 1101, 337, 1570, 11, 51330], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 599, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1525.1599999999999, 'end': 1527.72, 'text': ' which led to things like spin control and so forth', 'tokens': [51330, 597, 4684, 281, 721, 411, 6060, 1969, 293, 370, 5220, 51458], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 600, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1527.72, 'end': 1529.52, 'text': ' and helped in the formation of something', 'tokens': [51458, 293, 4254, 294, 264, 11723, 295, 746, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 601, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1529.52, 'end': 1531.32, 'text': ' called government digital services.', 'tokens': [51548, 1219, 2463, 4562, 3328, 13, 51638], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 602, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1531.32, 'end': 1533.12, 'text': ' I worked with a chap called Liam Maxwell', 'tokens': [51638, 286, 2732, 365, 257, 13223, 1219, 32860, 39594, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 603, 'seek': 150584, 'start': 1533.12, 'end': 1534.6799999999998, 'text': ' and others on the paper.', 'tokens': [51728, 293, 2357, 322, 264, 3035, 13, 51806], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17255949797453704, 'compression_ratio': 1.5817610062893082, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023439599317498505}, {'id': 604, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1534.68, 'end': 1537.2, 'text': ' We used a lot of mapping in government.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 1143, 257, 688, 295, 18350, 294, 2463, 13, 50490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 605, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1537.2, 'end': 1540.3200000000002, 'text': ' And these days, mapping is spread to things like the UN,', 'tokens': [50490, 400, 613, 1708, 11, 18350, 307, 3974, 281, 721, 411, 264, 8229, 11, 50646], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 606, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1540.3200000000002, 'end': 1542.64, 'text': ' even into academic papers.', 'tokens': [50646, 754, 666, 7778, 10577, 13, 50762], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 607, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1542.64, 'end': 1544.24, 'text': ' LSC has got this paper on building', 'tokens': [50762, 441, 20839, 575, 658, 341, 3035, 322, 2390, 50842], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 608, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1544.24, 'end': 1547.8400000000001, 'text': ' situational awareness in the age of ecosystems.', 'tokens': [50842, 2054, 1478, 8888, 294, 264, 3205, 295, 32647, 13, 51022], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 609, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1547.8400000000001, 'end': 1550.48, 'text': ' All right, so another set of patterns', 'tokens': [51022, 1057, 558, 11, 370, 1071, 992, 295, 8294, 51154], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 610, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1550.48, 'end': 1552.3200000000002, 'text': ' to talk about a doctrine.', 'tokens': [51154, 281, 751, 466, 257, 23290, 13, 51246], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 611, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1552.3200000000002, 'end': 1554.52, 'text': ' So these are universally applicable patterns.', 'tokens': [51246, 407, 613, 366, 43995, 21142, 8294, 13, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 612, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1554.52, 'end': 1557.28, 'text': ' There are about 30 climactic patterns', 'tokens': [51356, 821, 366, 466, 2217, 5644, 19892, 8294, 51494], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 613, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1557.28, 'end': 1558.44, 'text': ' you use for anticipation.', 'tokens': [51494, 291, 764, 337, 35979, 13, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 614, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1558.44, 'end': 1560.8, 'text': ' Most people are oblivious to all of this.', 'tokens': [51552, 4534, 561, 366, 47039, 851, 281, 439, 295, 341, 13, 51670], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 615, 'seek': 153468, 'start': 1560.8, 'end': 1562.96, 'text': " There's 40 of these doctrines.", 'tokens': [51670, 821, 311, 3356, 295, 613, 46040, 1652, 13, 51778], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14452787667266592, 'compression_ratio': 1.641304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0013382493052631617}, {'id': 616, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1562.96, 'end': 1565.4, 'text': ' So these are universally useful principles.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 613, 366, 43995, 4420, 9156, 13, 50486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 617, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1566.48, 'end': 1568.8, 'text': ' So just to explain a couple,', 'tokens': [50540, 407, 445, 281, 2903, 257, 1916, 11, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 618, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1568.8, 'end': 1571.72, 'text': ' as things evolve, they become more efficient', 'tokens': [50656, 382, 721, 16693, 11, 436, 1813, 544, 7148, 50802], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 619, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1571.72, 'end': 1574.72, 'text': ' and then they enable higher order systems to appear,', 'tokens': [50802, 293, 550, 436, 9528, 2946, 1668, 3652, 281, 4204, 11, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 620, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1574.72, 'end': 1576.04, 'text': ' which then evolve.', 'tokens': [50952, 597, 550, 16693, 13, 51018], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 621, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1576.04, 'end': 1579.44, 'text': ' And as these things evolve, their characteristics change.', 'tokens': [51018, 400, 382, 613, 721, 16693, 11, 641, 10891, 1319, 13, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 622, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1579.44, 'end': 1581.76, 'text': ' So they start off in this uncharted space', 'tokens': [51188, 407, 436, 722, 766, 294, 341, 33686, 47350, 1901, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 623, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1581.76, 'end': 1584.0, 'text': " where it's chaotic, uncertain, unpredictable", 'tokens': [51304, 689, 309, 311, 27013, 11, 11308, 11, 31160, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 624, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1584.0, 'end': 1585.96, 'text': ' and ultimately become industrialized,', 'tokens': [51416, 293, 6284, 1813, 9987, 1602, 11, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 625, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1585.96, 'end': 1588.96, 'text': ' ordered, known, measured, stable, standard and dull.', 'tokens': [51514, 8866, 11, 2570, 11, 12690, 11, 8351, 11, 3832, 293, 23471, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 626, 'seek': 156296, 'start': 1588.96, 'end': 1590.76, 'text': " Doesn't matter whether it's money", 'tokens': [51664, 12955, 380, 1871, 1968, 309, 311, 1460, 51754], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12423363753727504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6813186813186813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007128596771508455}, {'id': 627, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1590.76, 'end': 1593.28, 'text': ' or computing or penicillin, okay?', 'tokens': [50364, 420, 15866, 420, 3435, 299, 373, 259, 11, 1392, 30, 50490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 628, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1594.32, 'end': 1598.04, 'text': " Now because of this, we'd gone all agile", 'tokens': [50542, 823, 570, 295, 341, 11, 321, 1116, 2780, 439, 30072, 50728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 629, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1598.04, 'end': 1602.32, 'text': " as in extreme programming from Kempbeck's friend.", 'tokens': [50728, 382, 294, 8084, 9410, 490, 591, 15970, 650, 547, 311, 1277, 13, 50942], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 630, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1602.32, 'end': 1606.32, 'text': " We'd done that in 2002, 2003.", 'tokens': [50942, 492, 1116, 1096, 300, 294, 17822, 11, 16416, 13, 51142], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 631, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1606.32, 'end': 1608.08, 'text': ' Of course by 2004, we worked out', 'tokens': [51142, 2720, 1164, 538, 15817, 11, 321, 2732, 484, 51230], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 632, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1608.08, 'end': 1610.16, 'text': " it doesn't work everywhere.", 'tokens': [51230, 309, 1177, 380, 589, 5315, 13, 51334], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 633, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1610.16, 'end': 1612.32, 'text': ' So agile in-house development is very good', 'tokens': [51334, 407, 30072, 294, 12, 6410, 3250, 307, 588, 665, 51442], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 634, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1612.32, 'end': 1613.72, 'text': ' on the left-hand side of the map', 'tokens': [51442, 322, 264, 1411, 12, 5543, 1252, 295, 264, 4471, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 635, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1613.72, 'end': 1615.72, 'text': ' because it reduces the cost of change', 'tokens': [51512, 570, 309, 18081, 264, 2063, 295, 1319, 51612], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 636, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1615.72, 'end': 1617.12, 'text': ' and changes the norm.', 'tokens': [51612, 293, 2962, 264, 2026, 13, 51682], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 637, 'seek': 159076, 'start': 1617.12, 'end': 1619.68, 'text': " Six Sigma's strong on the right-hand side", 'tokens': [51682, 11678, 36595, 311, 2068, 322, 264, 558, 12, 5543, 1252, 51810], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17655372619628906, 'compression_ratio': 1.5533596837944663, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000997213996015489}, {'id': 638, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1619.72, 'end': 1621.72, 'text': " because it's about reducing deviation", 'tokens': [50366, 570, 309, 311, 466, 12245, 25163, 50466], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 639, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1621.72, 'end': 1623.44, 'text': " and it turns out lean's good in the middle", 'tokens': [50466, 293, 309, 4523, 484, 11659, 311, 665, 294, 264, 2808, 50552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 640, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1623.44, 'end': 1624.8400000000001, 'text': " because it's about reducing waste.", 'tokens': [50552, 570, 309, 311, 466, 12245, 5964, 13, 50622], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 641, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1624.8400000000001, 'end': 1626.3600000000001, 'text': ' So you need multiple methods,', 'tokens': [50622, 407, 291, 643, 3866, 7150, 11, 50698], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 642, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1626.3600000000001, 'end': 1628.48, 'text': " i.e. there's no one-size-fits-all.", 'tokens': [50698, 741, 13, 68, 13, 456, 311, 572, 472, 12, 27553, 12, 13979, 12, 336, 13, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 643, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1629.92, 'end': 1633.1200000000001, 'text': ' But if you say not agile everywhere these days,', 'tokens': [50876, 583, 498, 291, 584, 406, 30072, 5315, 613, 1708, 11, 51036], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 644, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1633.1200000000001, 'end': 1634.8400000000001, 'text': ' people go burn in heretic.', 'tokens': [51036, 561, 352, 5064, 294, 720, 3532, 13, 51122], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 645, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1634.8400000000001, 'end': 1638.8, 'text': ' But I used to say this like 10 years ago', 'tokens': [51122, 583, 286, 1143, 281, 584, 341, 411, 1266, 924, 2057, 51320], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 646, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1638.8, 'end': 1641.48, 'text': ' at Six Sigma conferences and it was burn in heretic.', 'tokens': [51320, 412, 11678, 36595, 22032, 293, 309, 390, 5064, 294, 720, 3532, 13, 51454], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 647, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1641.48, 'end': 1643.0, 'text': " It's all the same.", 'tokens': [51454, 467, 311, 439, 264, 912, 13, 51530], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 648, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1643.0, 'end': 1644.1200000000001, 'text': " And it's the same with purchasing,", 'tokens': [51530, 400, 309, 311, 264, 912, 365, 20906, 11, 51586], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 649, 'seek': 161968, 'start': 1644.1200000000001, 'end': 1647.3600000000001, 'text': ' time material, outcome, COTSFIX, unit utility.', 'tokens': [51586, 565, 2527, 11, 9700, 11, 3002, 7327, 37, 21124, 11, 4985, 14877, 13, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18445514230167165, 'compression_ratio': 1.6363636363636365, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00029576325323432684}, {'id': 650, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1647.6799999999998, 'end': 1650.04, 'text': " There's not one purchasing mechanism.", 'tokens': [50380, 821, 311, 406, 472, 20906, 7513, 13, 50498], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 651, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1650.04, 'end': 1652.52, 'text': ' So give you an example, HS2, high-speed rail,', 'tokens': [50498, 407, 976, 291, 364, 1365, 11, 34194, 17, 11, 1090, 12, 22746, 8765, 11, 50622], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 652, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1652.52, 'end': 1655.1599999999999, 'text': ' James Finley, CIO.', 'tokens': [50622, 5678, 3773, 3420, 11, 383, 15167, 13, 50754], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 653, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1655.1599999999999, 'end': 1658.1599999999999, 'text': ' This is building HS2 in a virtual world', 'tokens': [50754, 639, 307, 2390, 34194, 17, 294, 257, 6374, 1002, 50904], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 654, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1658.1599999999999, 'end': 1660.28, 'text': ' because it turns out if you dig up a virtual world', 'tokens': [50904, 570, 309, 4523, 484, 498, 291, 2528, 493, 257, 6374, 1002, 51010], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 655, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1660.28, 'end': 1661.4799999999998, 'text': ' and go, whoops, we got that wrong,', 'tokens': [51010, 293, 352, 11, 567, 3370, 11, 321, 658, 300, 2085, 11, 51070], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 656, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1661.4799999999998, 'end': 1664.84, 'text': " it's cheaper than digging up the English countryside.", 'tokens': [51070, 309, 311, 12284, 813, 17343, 493, 264, 3669, 28252, 13, 51238], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 657, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1664.84, 'end': 1667.6799999999998, 'text': ' So they decide to build the entire railway', 'tokens': [51238, 407, 436, 4536, 281, 1322, 264, 2302, 25812, 51380], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 658, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1667.6799999999998, 'end': 1668.9199999999998, 'text': ' in a virtual world.', 'tokens': [51380, 294, 257, 6374, 1002, 13, 51442], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 659, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1668.9199999999998, 'end': 1670.84, 'text': ' So this is the systems diagram for it.', 'tokens': [51442, 407, 341, 307, 264, 3652, 10686, 337, 309, 13, 51538], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 660, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1670.84, 'end': 1673.36, 'text': ' Big problem, should I outsource it all?', 'tokens': [51538, 5429, 1154, 11, 820, 286, 14758, 2948, 309, 439, 30, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 661, 'seek': 164736, 'start': 1673.36, 'end': 1675.1599999999999, 'text': ' Should I use off-the-shelf products?', 'tokens': [51664, 6454, 286, 764, 766, 12, 3322, 12, 46626, 3383, 30, 51754], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312001221371393, 'compression_ratio': 1.5951557093425606, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001859205774962902}, {'id': 662, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1675.24, 'end': 1677.96, 'text': ' Should I build it in-house with agile techniques?', 'tokens': [50368, 6454, 286, 1322, 309, 294, 12, 6410, 365, 30072, 7512, 30, 50504], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 663, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1677.96, 'end': 1681.2, 'text': ' Or should I use some combination of all three?', 'tokens': [50504, 1610, 820, 286, 764, 512, 6562, 295, 439, 1045, 30, 50666], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 664, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1681.2, 'end': 1684.0400000000002, 'text': ' Now the problem with the combination of all three', 'tokens': [50666, 823, 264, 1154, 365, 264, 6562, 295, 439, 1045, 50808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 665, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1684.0400000000002, 'end': 1688.4, 'text': ' is there are about 387 million permutations', 'tokens': [50808, 307, 456, 366, 466, 12843, 22, 2459, 4784, 325, 763, 51026], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 666, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1688.4, 'end': 1690.0400000000002, 'text': ' on that one single diagram alone.', 'tokens': [51026, 322, 300, 472, 2167, 10686, 3312, 13, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 667, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1690.0400000000002, 'end': 1691.5600000000002, 'text': ' So which one do I pick?', 'tokens': [51108, 407, 597, 472, 360, 286, 1888, 30, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 668, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1692.48, 'end': 1694.76, 'text': ' So James was having a cup of tea on a Sunday', 'tokens': [51230, 407, 5678, 390, 1419, 257, 4414, 295, 5817, 322, 257, 7776, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 669, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1694.76, 'end': 1696.92, 'text': ' in his garden, drew a map, sent it to me,', 'tokens': [51344, 294, 702, 7431, 11, 12804, 257, 4471, 11, 2279, 309, 281, 385, 11, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 670, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1696.92, 'end': 1699.6000000000001, 'text': " we refined it, that's what the map looks like.", 'tokens': [51452, 321, 26201, 309, 11, 300, 311, 437, 264, 4471, 1542, 411, 13, 51586], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 671, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1699.6000000000001, 'end': 1701.0400000000002, 'text': " And now it's easy.", 'tokens': [51586, 400, 586, 309, 311, 1858, 13, 51658], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 672, 'seek': 167516, 'start': 1701.0400000000002, 'end': 1703.3600000000001, 'text': ' You outsource the stuff on them, right?', 'tokens': [51658, 509, 14758, 2948, 264, 1507, 322, 552, 11, 558, 30, 51774], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09081495725191556, 'compression_ratio': 1.6036363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00060990423662588}, {'id': 673, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1703.3999999999999, 'end': 1706.1999999999998, 'text': ' You build with off-the-shelf products in the middle', 'tokens': [50366, 509, 1322, 365, 766, 12, 3322, 12, 46626, 3383, 294, 264, 2808, 50506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 674, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1706.1999999999998, 'end': 1709.0, 'text': ' and you build agile in-house techniques on the left.', 'tokens': [50506, 293, 291, 1322, 30072, 294, 12, 6410, 7512, 322, 264, 1411, 13, 50646], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 675, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1709.0, 'end': 1710.8799999999999, 'text': ' All right, use multiple techniques.', 'tokens': [50646, 1057, 558, 11, 764, 3866, 7512, 13, 50740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 676, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1710.8799999999999, 'end': 1713.3999999999999, 'text': ' He ended up in front of the public accounts committee', 'tokens': [50740, 634, 4590, 493, 294, 1868, 295, 264, 1908, 9402, 7482, 50866], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 677, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1713.3999999999999, 'end': 1716.8799999999999, 'text': ' because they were head of schedule, under budget.', 'tokens': [50866, 570, 436, 645, 1378, 295, 7567, 11, 833, 4706, 13, 51040], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 678, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1716.8799999999999, 'end': 1718.32, 'text': ' That was amazing.', 'tokens': [51040, 663, 390, 2243, 13, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 679, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1718.32, 'end': 1720.6399999999999, 'text': ' And then they had a new chief executive', 'tokens': [51112, 400, 550, 436, 632, 257, 777, 9588, 10140, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 680, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1720.6399999999999, 'end': 1722.52, 'text': ' found it all too complex, so anyway.', 'tokens': [51228, 1352, 309, 439, 886, 3997, 11, 370, 4033, 13, 51322], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 681, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1724.4799999999998, 'end': 1727.52, 'text': " So James, I'll tell you what James is doing these days,", 'tokens': [51420, 407, 5678, 11, 286, 603, 980, 291, 437, 5678, 307, 884, 613, 1708, 11, 51572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 682, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1727.52, 'end': 1729.12, 'text': ' quite fun anyway.', 'tokens': [51572, 1596, 1019, 4033, 13, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 683, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1729.12, 'end': 1731.84, 'text': ' So you use a map and use multiple methods on it.', 'tokens': [51652, 407, 291, 764, 257, 4471, 293, 764, 3866, 7150, 322, 309, 13, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1899122056506929, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00046120709157548845}, {'id': 684, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1731.84, 'end': 1735.1599999999999, 'text': ' Now vendors hate this by the way, if you do this.', 'tokens': [50364, 823, 22056, 4700, 341, 538, 264, 636, 11, 498, 291, 360, 341, 13, 50530], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 685, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1735.1599999999999, 'end': 1737.6399999999999, 'text': ' Vendors would prefer you not to break it down', 'tokens': [50530, 691, 521, 830, 576, 4382, 291, 406, 281, 1821, 309, 760, 50654], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 686, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1737.6399999999999, 'end': 1742.24, 'text': ' into components, but in fact to treat it all as one thing,', 'tokens': [50654, 666, 6677, 11, 457, 294, 1186, 281, 2387, 309, 439, 382, 472, 551, 11, 50884], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 687, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1742.24, 'end': 1743.9599999999998, 'text': ' like you outsource it all.', 'tokens': [50884, 411, 291, 14758, 2948, 309, 439, 13, 50970], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 688, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1743.9599999999998, 'end': 1746.76, 'text': ' And the reason why they want you to do that,', 'tokens': [50970, 400, 264, 1778, 983, 436, 528, 291, 281, 360, 300, 11, 51110], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 689, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1746.76, 'end': 1748.08, 'text': " so I've taken a map and I've said,", 'tokens': [51110, 370, 286, 600, 2726, 257, 4471, 293, 286, 600, 848, 11, 51176], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 690, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1748.08, 'end': 1752.36, 'text': " we'll outsource it all, is because you being good people", 'tokens': [51176, 321, 603, 14758, 2948, 309, 439, 11, 307, 570, 291, 885, 665, 561, 51390], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 691, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1752.36, 'end': 1754.9199999999998, 'text': ' want to have a specification document', 'tokens': [51390, 528, 281, 362, 257, 31256, 4166, 51518], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 692, 'seek': 173184, 'start': 1754.9199999999998, 'end': 1759.08, 'text': " because you want to know what's being delivered, all right?", 'tokens': [51518, 570, 291, 528, 281, 458, 437, 311, 885, 10144, 11, 439, 558, 30, 51726], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1341020119290392, 'compression_ratio': 1.6842105263157894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007532819290645421}, {'id': 693, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1759.08, 'end': 1762.08, 'text': " Well, that's fine for the stuff over here,", 'tokens': [50364, 1042, 11, 300, 311, 2489, 337, 264, 1507, 670, 510, 11, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 694, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1762.08, 'end': 1764.24, 'text': ' which is well understood, well defined,', 'tokens': [50514, 597, 307, 731, 7320, 11, 731, 7642, 11, 50622], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 695, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1764.24, 'end': 1767.4399999999998, 'text': ' so it can be defined and efficiently delivered.', 'tokens': [50622, 370, 309, 393, 312, 7642, 293, 19621, 10144, 13, 50782], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 696, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1767.4399999999998, 'end': 1769.32, 'text': " But what's gonna happen to the stuff over here?", 'tokens': [50782, 583, 437, 311, 799, 1051, 281, 264, 1507, 670, 510, 30, 50876], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 697, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1769.32, 'end': 1771.9199999999998, 'text': " Do you remember I said it's more chaotic, uncertain?", 'tokens': [50876, 1144, 291, 1604, 286, 848, 309, 311, 544, 27013, 11, 11308, 30, 51006], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 698, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1771.9199999999998, 'end': 1773.8, 'text': " It's going to change.", 'tokens': [51006, 467, 311, 516, 281, 1319, 13, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 699, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1773.8, 'end': 1776.36, 'text': ' And therefore, you are going to be hammered', 'tokens': [51100, 400, 4412, 11, 291, 366, 516, 281, 312, 13017, 292, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 700, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1776.36, 'end': 1779.04, 'text': ' with excessive change control costs.', 'tokens': [51228, 365, 22704, 1319, 1969, 5497, 13, 51362], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 701, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1779.04, 'end': 1781.6, 'text': " It's basically a scam.", 'tokens': [51362, 467, 311, 1936, 257, 26917, 13, 51490], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 702, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1781.6, 'end': 1786.0, 'text': " And it's great because when the problem occurs", 'tokens': [51490, 400, 309, 311, 869, 570, 562, 264, 1154, 11843, 51710], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 703, 'seek': 175908, 'start': 1786.0, 'end': 1788.08, 'text': " and you're saying, why is my 200 million pound project", 'tokens': [51710, 293, 291, 434, 1566, 11, 983, 307, 452, 2331, 2459, 12013, 1716, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13333883593159337, 'compression_ratio': 1.627659574468085, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000718535971827805}, {'id': 704, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1788.08, 'end': 1791.0, 'text': " cost 600 million, I go, it's all your fault.", 'tokens': [50364, 2063, 11849, 2459, 11, 286, 352, 11, 309, 311, 439, 428, 7441, 13, 50510], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 705, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1791.0, 'end': 1792.32, 'text': " What do you mean it's all my fault?", 'tokens': [50510, 708, 360, 291, 914, 309, 311, 439, 452, 7441, 30, 50576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 706, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1792.32, 'end': 1795.4399999999998, 'text': ' Well, all the bits that were delivered efficiently', 'tokens': [50576, 1042, 11, 439, 264, 9239, 300, 645, 10144, 19621, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 707, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1795.4399999999998, 'end': 1798.4399999999998, 'text': " are the bits that you didn't change your mind on.", 'tokens': [50732, 366, 264, 9239, 300, 291, 994, 380, 1319, 428, 1575, 322, 13, 50882], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 708, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1798.4399999999998, 'end': 1801.48, 'text': " It's all the bits that you kept on changing your mind on", 'tokens': [50882, 467, 311, 439, 264, 9239, 300, 291, 4305, 322, 4473, 428, 1575, 322, 51034], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 709, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1801.48, 'end': 1803.76, 'text': " that cost the money, so it's all your fault.", 'tokens': [51034, 300, 2063, 264, 1460, 11, 370, 309, 311, 439, 428, 7441, 13, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 710, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1803.76, 'end': 1805.3999999999999, 'text': " Well, the joke of course is you couldn't actually", 'tokens': [51148, 1042, 11, 264, 7647, 295, 1164, 307, 291, 2809, 380, 767, 51230], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 711, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1805.3999999999999, 'end': 1807.76, 'text': ' specify those bits in the first place.', 'tokens': [51230, 16500, 729, 9239, 294, 264, 700, 1081, 13, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 712, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1807.76, 'end': 1809.84, 'text': ' You should have used a different method.', 'tokens': [51348, 509, 820, 362, 1143, 257, 819, 3170, 13, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 713, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1809.84, 'end': 1813.08, 'text': ' Now, the worst case scenario is when somebody', 'tokens': [51452, 823, 11, 264, 5855, 1389, 9005, 307, 562, 2618, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 714, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1813.08, 'end': 1814.76, 'text': ' on your own team suddenly goes,', 'tokens': [51614, 322, 428, 1065, 1469, 5800, 1709, 11, 51698], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 715, 'seek': 178808, 'start': 1814.76, 'end': 1817.6799999999998, 'text': ' next time we need to specify it better,', 'tokens': [51698, 958, 565, 321, 643, 281, 16500, 309, 1101, 11, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10960366125820445, 'compression_ratio': 1.8061224489795917, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006595523562282324}, {'id': 716, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1817.68, 'end': 1819.8, 'text': ' now you are doomed.', 'tokens': [50364, 586, 291, 366, 33847, 13, 50470], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 717, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1819.8, 'end': 1820.8, 'text': ' OK?', 'tokens': [50470, 2264, 30, 50520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 718, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1820.8, 'end': 1824.8400000000001, 'text': ' You are putty in the hands of people who want to exploit you.', 'tokens': [50520, 509, 366, 829, 874, 294, 264, 2377, 295, 561, 567, 528, 281, 25924, 291, 13, 50722], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 719, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1824.8400000000001, 'end': 1827.5600000000002, 'text': ' So remember, think small, break things down,', 'tokens': [50722, 407, 1604, 11, 519, 1359, 11, 1821, 721, 760, 11, 50858], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 720, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1827.5600000000002, 'end': 1829.3200000000002, 'text': ' use appropriate methods.', 'tokens': [50858, 764, 6854, 7150, 13, 50946], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 721, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1829.3200000000002, 'end': 1832.0, 'text': ' James, by the way, has gone on use mapping at the RNLI.', 'tokens': [50946, 5678, 11, 538, 264, 636, 11, 575, 2780, 322, 764, 18350, 412, 264, 45702, 48718, 13, 51080], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 722, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1832.0, 'end': 1834.28, 'text': " They've got the call out times from about 12 minutes down", 'tokens': [51080, 814, 600, 658, 264, 818, 484, 1413, 490, 466, 2272, 2077, 760, 51194], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 723, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1834.28, 'end': 1835.52, 'text': ' to 18 seconds.', 'tokens': [51194, 281, 2443, 3949, 13, 51256], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 724, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1835.52, 'end': 1837.68, 'text': ' What that means is when you fall in the Thames,', 'tokens': [51256, 708, 300, 1355, 307, 562, 291, 2100, 294, 264, 334, 1632, 11, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 725, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1837.68, 'end': 1840.72, 'text': ' rather than them turning up and dragging out a dead body,', 'tokens': [51364, 2831, 813, 552, 6246, 493, 293, 24385, 484, 257, 3116, 1772, 11, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 726, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1840.72, 'end': 1842.16, 'text': " they're actually saving lives.", 'tokens': [51516, 436, 434, 767, 6816, 2909, 13, 51588], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 727, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1842.16, 'end': 1844.52, 'text': ' So good old James.', 'tokens': [51588, 407, 665, 1331, 5678, 13, 51706], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 728, 'seek': 181768, 'start': 1844.52, 'end': 1845.88, 'text': ' So quick practice.', 'tokens': [51706, 407, 1702, 3124, 13, 51774], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17491029810022424, 'compression_ratio': 1.5827586206896551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0025364726316183805}, {'id': 729, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1845.92, 'end': 1848.8000000000002, 'text': ' Anybody from finance here?', 'tokens': [50366, 19082, 490, 10719, 510, 30, 50510], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 730, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1848.8000000000002, 'end': 1849.8000000000002, 'text': ' Yes?', 'tokens': [50510, 1079, 30, 50560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 731, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1849.8000000000002, 'end': 1852.96, 'text': ' Is it fair to say that a lot of IT is a bit elvish?', 'tokens': [50560, 1119, 309, 3143, 281, 584, 300, 257, 688, 295, 6783, 307, 257, 857, 806, 85, 742, 30, 50718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 732, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1852.96, 'end': 1853.96, 'text': " That's a different language.", 'tokens': [50718, 663, 311, 257, 819, 2856, 13, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 733, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1853.96, 'end': 1855.5600000000002, 'text': " Yes, right, we'll take that analogy.", 'tokens': [50768, 1079, 11, 558, 11, 321, 603, 747, 300, 21663, 13, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 734, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1855.5600000000002, 'end': 1856.5600000000002, 'text': ' Good.', 'tokens': [50848, 2205, 13, 50898], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 735, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1856.5600000000002, 'end': 1859.3200000000002, 'text': " We're going to do a self-driving car in elvish.", 'tokens': [50898, 492, 434, 516, 281, 360, 257, 2698, 12, 47094, 1032, 294, 806, 85, 742, 13, 51036], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 736, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1859.3200000000002, 'end': 1861.68, 'text': " So I'm going to be IT and you're all going to be finance.", 'tokens': [51036, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 312, 6783, 293, 291, 434, 439, 516, 281, 312, 10719, 13, 51154], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 737, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1861.68, 'end': 1865.24, 'text': " So I'm going to give you a systems diagram all in elvish.", 'tokens': [51154, 407, 286, 478, 516, 281, 976, 291, 257, 3652, 10686, 439, 294, 806, 85, 742, 13, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 738, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1865.24, 'end': 1868.1200000000001, 'text': " And now I'm going to ask you questions.", 'tokens': [51332, 400, 586, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1029, 291, 1651, 13, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 739, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1868.1200000000001, 'end': 1870.2, 'text': ' Should we outsource or build our own?', 'tokens': [51476, 6454, 321, 14758, 2948, 420, 1322, 527, 1065, 30, 51580], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 740, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1870.2, 'end': 1871.48, 'text': ' A, B, what do you think?', 'tokens': [51580, 316, 11, 363, 11, 437, 360, 291, 519, 30, 51644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 741, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1871.48, 'end': 1873.16, 'text': ' Go on, give us some response.', 'tokens': [51644, 1037, 322, 11, 976, 505, 512, 4134, 13, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 742, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1873.16, 'end': 1874.44, 'text': ' We want to collaborate.', 'tokens': [51728, 492, 528, 281, 18338, 13, 51792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 743, 'seek': 184588, 'start': 1874.44, 'end': 1875.72, 'text': ' We want to work together.', 'tokens': [51792, 492, 528, 281, 589, 1214, 13, 51856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15509573618570963, 'compression_ratio': 1.7016949152542373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001966201700270176}, {'id': 744, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1875.72, 'end': 1877.96, 'text': ' We want to get alignment.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 528, 281, 483, 18515, 13, 50476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 745, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1877.96, 'end': 1879.96, 'text': ' A, should we outsource or build our own?', 'tokens': [50476, 316, 11, 820, 321, 14758, 2948, 420, 1322, 527, 1065, 30, 50576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 746, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1879.96, 'end': 1882.4, 'text': ' What do you think?', 'tokens': [50576, 708, 360, 291, 519, 30, 50698], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 747, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1882.4, 'end': 1886.08, 'text': ' Get some consultants to tell you a huge amount of money.', 'tokens': [50698, 3240, 512, 38935, 281, 980, 291, 257, 2603, 2372, 295, 1460, 13, 50882], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 748, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1886.08, 'end': 1887.6000000000001, 'text': " How's that going to help you?", 'tokens': [50882, 1012, 311, 300, 516, 281, 854, 291, 30, 50958], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 749, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1887.6000000000001, 'end': 1889.8, 'text': ' Right, OK.', 'tokens': [50958, 1779, 11, 2264, 13, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 750, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1889.8, 'end': 1890.56, 'text': ' Anybody else?', 'tokens': [51068, 19082, 1646, 30, 51106], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 751, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1890.56, 'end': 1893.84, 'text': ' Any more sensible suggestions?', 'tokens': [51106, 2639, 544, 25380, 13396, 30, 51270], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 752, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1893.84, 'end': 1896.28, 'text': ' Outsource it to someone who can translate elvish.', 'tokens': [51270, 422, 3648, 2948, 309, 281, 1580, 567, 393, 13799, 806, 85, 742, 13, 51392], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 753, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1896.28, 'end': 1898.56, 'text': ' Outsource it to someone who can translate elvish.', 'tokens': [51392, 422, 3648, 2948, 309, 281, 1580, 567, 393, 13799, 806, 85, 742, 13, 51506], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 754, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1898.56, 'end': 1899.6000000000001, 'text': ' OK, fine.', 'tokens': [51506, 2264, 11, 2489, 13, 51558], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 755, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1899.6000000000001, 'end': 1901.32, 'text': " Right, I'm going to give you exactly the same systems", 'tokens': [51558, 1779, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 976, 291, 2293, 264, 912, 3652, 51644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 756, 'seek': 187572, 'start': 1901.32, 'end': 1904.56, 'text': ' diagram, but now as a map.', 'tokens': [51644, 10686, 11, 457, 586, 382, 257, 4471, 13, 51806], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21155618898796313, 'compression_ratio': 1.6963562753036436, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002712839050218463}, {'id': 757, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1904.6799999999998, 'end': 1909.84, 'text': ' All right, so should we outsource or build in house B?', 'tokens': [50370, 1057, 558, 11, 370, 820, 321, 14758, 2948, 420, 1322, 294, 1782, 363, 30, 50628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 758, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1909.84, 'end': 1914.36, 'text': ' Should we outsource or build in house A?', 'tokens': [50628, 6454, 321, 14758, 2948, 420, 1322, 294, 1782, 316, 30, 50854], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 759, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1914.36, 'end': 1915.6, 'text': ' Simple.', 'tokens': [50854, 21532, 13, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 760, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1915.6, 'end': 1918.2, 'text': " I haven't even translated it back into English.", 'tokens': [50916, 286, 2378, 380, 754, 16805, 309, 646, 666, 3669, 13, 51046], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 761, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1918.2, 'end': 1920.76, 'text': " And we're now actually able to work together.", 'tokens': [51046, 400, 321, 434, 586, 767, 1075, 281, 589, 1214, 13, 51174], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 762, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1920.76, 'end': 1923.04, 'text': " So at this point, somebody goes, oh, it doesn't matter.", 'tokens': [51174, 407, 412, 341, 935, 11, 2618, 1709, 11, 1954, 11, 309, 1177, 380, 1871, 13, 51288], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 763, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1923.04, 'end': 1925.08, 'text': ' Agile will evolve to be everywhere,', 'tokens': [51288, 2725, 794, 486, 16693, 281, 312, 5315, 11, 51390], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 764, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1925.08, 'end': 1927.48, 'text': ' because this happens with Six Sigma.', 'tokens': [51390, 570, 341, 2314, 365, 11678, 36595, 13, 51510], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 765, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1927.48, 'end': 1930.6799999999998, 'text': ' And I will talk about social practice theory and Elizabeth', 'tokens': [51510, 400, 286, 486, 751, 466, 2093, 3124, 5261, 293, 12978, 51670], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 766, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1930.6799999999998, 'end': 1931.3999999999999, 'text': ' Show.', 'tokens': [51670, 6895, 13, 51706], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 767, 'seek': 190456, 'start': 1931.3999999999999, 'end': 1933.6399999999999, 'text': ' Well worth reading this stuff.', 'tokens': [51706, 1042, 3163, 3760, 341, 1507, 13, 51818], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2507703748799987, 'compression_ratio': 1.6106870229007633, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011567363981157541}, {'id': 768, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1933.64, 'end': 1937.3600000000001, 'text': ' So I said the line on the value chain axis', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 848, 264, 1622, 322, 264, 2158, 5021, 10298, 50550], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 769, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1937.3600000000001, 'end': 1939.2, 'text': ' was scaffolding, training wills.', 'tokens': [50550, 390, 44094, 278, 11, 3097, 486, 82, 13, 50642], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 770, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1939.2, 'end': 1940.72, 'text': " I'm going to take it away.", 'tokens': [50642, 286, 478, 516, 281, 747, 309, 1314, 13, 50718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 771, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1940.72, 'end': 1944.68, 'text': ' Agile as a method has evolved.', 'tokens': [50718, 2725, 794, 382, 257, 3170, 575, 14178, 13, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 772, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1944.68, 'end': 1947.92, 'text': " And it's very good at building things", 'tokens': [50916, 400, 309, 311, 588, 665, 412, 2390, 721, 51078], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 773, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1947.92, 'end': 1950.1200000000001, 'text': ' in that stage of evolution.', 'tokens': [51078, 294, 300, 3233, 295, 9303, 13, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 774, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1950.1200000000001, 'end': 1954.8400000000001, 'text': ' But those things, whatever they are, also evolve.', 'tokens': [51188, 583, 729, 721, 11, 2035, 436, 366, 11, 611, 16693, 13, 51424], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 775, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1954.8400000000001, 'end': 1958.16, 'text': ' And lean has evolved to become very good at dealing', 'tokens': [51424, 400, 11659, 575, 14178, 281, 1813, 588, 665, 412, 6260, 51590], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 776, 'seek': 193364, 'start': 1958.16, 'end': 1960.0400000000002, 'text': ' with the stuff in the middle.', 'tokens': [51590, 365, 264, 1507, 294, 264, 2808, 13, 51684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10723013679186504, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067961165048543, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0002415123744867742}, {'id': 777, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1960.04, 'end': 1964.1599999999999, 'text': ' And Six Sigma has evolved to become very good at dealing', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 11678, 36595, 575, 14178, 281, 1813, 588, 665, 412, 6260, 50570], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 778, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1964.1599999999999, 'end': 1966.8, 'text': ' with the stuff at the right.', 'tokens': [50570, 365, 264, 1507, 412, 264, 558, 13, 50702], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 779, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1966.8, 'end': 1970.08, 'text': " So what you've got are multiple meanings of the term", 'tokens': [50702, 407, 437, 291, 600, 658, 366, 3866, 28138, 295, 264, 1433, 50866], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 780, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1970.08, 'end': 1972.6, 'text': ' project methodology.', 'tokens': [50866, 1716, 24850, 13, 50992], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 781, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1972.6, 'end': 1975.96, 'text': ' And these are different competencies of project', 'tokens': [50992, 400, 613, 366, 819, 2850, 6464, 295, 1716, 51160], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 782, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1975.96, 'end': 1976.44, 'text': ' methodology.', 'tokens': [51160, 24850, 13, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 783, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1976.44, 'end': 1978.04, 'text': " They're all project methodology.", 'tokens': [51184, 814, 434, 439, 1716, 24850, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 784, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1978.04, 'end': 1980.8799999999999, 'text': " They're just different competencies.", 'tokens': [51264, 814, 434, 445, 819, 2850, 6464, 13, 51406], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 785, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1980.8799999999999, 'end': 1984.08, 'text': ' And this thing, whatever it is, has a meaning,', 'tokens': [51406, 400, 341, 551, 11, 2035, 309, 307, 11, 575, 257, 3620, 11, 51566], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 786, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1984.08, 'end': 1985.76, 'text': ' but it has different material.', 'tokens': [51566, 457, 309, 575, 819, 2527, 13, 51650], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 787, 'seek': 196004, 'start': 1985.76, 'end': 1989.04, 'text': ' So what I mean by that is that is not the same as that,', 'tokens': [51650, 407, 437, 286, 914, 538, 300, 307, 300, 307, 406, 264, 912, 382, 300, 11, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14314191681998117, 'compression_ratio': 1.8761061946902655, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00023790090926922858}, {'id': 788, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 1989.08, 'end': 1992.6, 'text': ' so the first-ever computer is not like service as a product,', 'tokens': [50366, 370, 264, 700, 12, 1054, 3820, 307, 406, 411, 2643, 382, 257, 1674, 11, 50542], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 789, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 1992.6, 'end': 1994.96, 'text': ' is not like service as a utility.', 'tokens': [50542, 307, 406, 411, 2643, 382, 257, 14877, 13, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 790, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 1994.96, 'end': 1998.0, 'text': " And what you've got are different competencies,", 'tokens': [50660, 400, 437, 291, 600, 658, 366, 819, 2850, 6464, 11, 50812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 791, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 1998.0, 'end': 2001.08, 'text': ' are good, are different material.', 'tokens': [50812, 366, 665, 11, 366, 819, 2527, 13, 50966], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 792, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 2001.08, 'end': 2002.44, 'text': ' Make sense?', 'tokens': [50966, 4387, 2020, 30, 51034], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 793, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 2002.44, 'end': 2003.1599999999999, 'text': ' Good, right.', 'tokens': [51034, 2205, 11, 558, 13, 51070], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 794, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 2003.1599999999999, 'end': 2007.84, 'text': ' So what we try and do is make one competence work everywhere.', 'tokens': [51070, 407, 437, 321, 853, 293, 360, 307, 652, 472, 39965, 589, 5315, 13, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 795, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 2007.84, 'end': 2009.08, 'text': ' Oh, great.', 'tokens': [51304, 876, 11, 869, 13, 51366], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 796, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 2009.08, 'end': 2014.08, 'text': ' And we do this by co-opting stuff, suited to other areas,', 'tokens': [51366, 400, 321, 360, 341, 538, 598, 12, 404, 783, 1507, 11, 24736, 281, 661, 3179, 11, 51616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 797, 'seek': 198904, 'start': 2014.08, 'end': 2018.04, 'text': ' and smashing into this to make it the all-seeing,', 'tokens': [51616, 293, 43316, 666, 341, 281, 652, 309, 264, 439, 12, 405, 14667, 11, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3474042457446717, 'compression_ratio': 1.6608695652173913, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003583046607673168}, {'id': 798, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2019.04, 'end': 2023.12, 'text': " all-dancing, it'll work everywhere method.", 'tokens': [50414, 439, 12, 67, 8779, 11, 309, 603, 589, 5315, 3170, 13, 50618], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 799, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2023.12, 'end': 2027.72, 'text': " And of course, when you use it, it doesn't work everywhere.", 'tokens': [50618, 400, 295, 1164, 11, 562, 291, 764, 309, 11, 309, 1177, 380, 589, 5315, 13, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 800, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2027.72, 'end': 2033.3999999999999, 'text': ' And what people say is you use the wrong bits of it.', 'tokens': [50848, 400, 437, 561, 584, 307, 291, 764, 264, 2085, 9239, 295, 309, 13, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 801, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2033.3999999999999, 'end': 2035.8799999999999, 'text': " You're over here, you should have been using these bits.", 'tokens': [51132, 509, 434, 670, 510, 11, 291, 820, 362, 668, 1228, 613, 9239, 13, 51256], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 802, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2035.8799999999999, 'end': 2037.56, 'text': ' Over there, you should have been using it,', 'tokens': [51256, 4886, 456, 11, 291, 820, 362, 668, 1228, 309, 11, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 803, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2037.56, 'end': 2039.36, 'text': ' but they never tell you at the beginning.', 'tokens': [51340, 457, 436, 1128, 980, 291, 412, 264, 2863, 13, 51430], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 804, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2039.36, 'end': 2041.8, 'text': " So what we end up with is when it's failed,", 'tokens': [51430, 407, 437, 321, 917, 493, 365, 307, 562, 309, 311, 7612, 11, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 805, 'seek': 201804, 'start': 2041.8, 'end': 2043.76, 'text': ' we say use the wrong bits of the process,', 'tokens': [51552, 321, 584, 764, 264, 2085, 9239, 295, 264, 1399, 11, 51650], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17735373007284627, 'compression_ratio': 1.7981220657276995, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002028299728408456}, {'id': 806, 'seek': 204376, 'start': 2043.76, 'end': 2050.76, 'text': ' i.e. we start blaming the people over the process.', 'tokens': [50364, 741, 13, 68, 13, 321, 722, 32364, 264, 561, 670, 264, 1399, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2106701494699501, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235294117647059, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004967385903000832}, {'id': 807, 'seek': 204376, 'start': 2050.76, 'end': 2054.24, 'text': " And what's agile all about?", 'tokens': [50714, 400, 437, 311, 30072, 439, 466, 30, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2106701494699501, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235294117647059, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004967385903000832}, {'id': 808, 'seek': 204376, 'start': 2054.24, 'end': 2058.28, 'text': " We start saying the process is right, it's the people are wrong,", 'tokens': [50888, 492, 722, 1566, 264, 1399, 307, 558, 11, 309, 311, 264, 561, 366, 2085, 11, 51090], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2106701494699501, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235294117647059, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004967385903000832}, {'id': 809, 'seek': 204376, 'start': 2058.28, 'end': 2062.52, 'text': ' and agile is all about people, over process.', 'tokens': [51090, 293, 30072, 307, 439, 466, 561, 11, 670, 1399, 13, 51302], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2106701494699501, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235294117647059, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004967385903000832}, {'id': 810, 'seek': 204376, 'start': 2062.52, 'end': 2067.68, 'text': ' So agile is fast becoming anti-agile, or a cult.', 'tokens': [51302, 407, 30072, 307, 2370, 5617, 6061, 12, 559, 794, 11, 420, 257, 2376, 13, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2106701494699501, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235294117647059, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004967385903000832}, {'id': 811, 'seek': 204376, 'start': 2067.68, 'end': 2071.36, 'text': ' One of those two, you can pick either.', 'tokens': [51560, 1485, 295, 729, 732, 11, 291, 393, 1888, 2139, 13, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2106701494699501, 'compression_ratio': 1.6235294117647059, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0004967385903000832}, {'id': 812, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2071.36, 'end': 2075.52, 'text': " It has a particular material that it's worth,", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 575, 257, 1729, 2527, 300, 309, 311, 3163, 11, 50572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 813, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2075.52, 'end': 2077.88, 'text': " and then people say this to me, we'll do both,", 'tokens': [50572, 293, 550, 561, 584, 341, 281, 385, 11, 321, 603, 360, 1293, 11, 50690], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 814, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2077.88, 'end': 2079.52, 'text': " we'll become bimodal.", 'tokens': [50690, 321, 603, 1813, 272, 332, 378, 304, 13, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 815, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2079.52, 'end': 2082.6800000000003, 'text': ' Has anybody heard of bimodal?', 'tokens': [50772, 8646, 4472, 2198, 295, 272, 332, 378, 304, 30, 50930], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 816, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2082.6800000000003, 'end': 2086.2400000000002, 'text': ' Has anybody been foolish enough to do this?', 'tokens': [50930, 8646, 4472, 668, 23478, 1547, 281, 360, 341, 30, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 817, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2086.2400000000002, 'end': 2088.92, 'text': " And who's willing to omit it?", 'tokens': [51108, 400, 567, 311, 4950, 281, 3406, 270, 309, 30, 51242], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 818, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2088.92, 'end': 2089.7200000000003, 'text': ' Right.', 'tokens': [51242, 1779, 13, 51282], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 819, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2089.7200000000003, 'end': 2092.88, 'text': ' So back in Vatango, this is how I used to organize.', 'tokens': [51282, 407, 646, 294, 691, 267, 17150, 11, 341, 307, 577, 286, 1143, 281, 13859, 13, 51440], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 820, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2092.88, 'end': 2094.08, 'text': " There's me at the top.", 'tokens': [51440, 821, 311, 385, 412, 264, 1192, 13, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 821, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2094.08, 'end': 2097.1600000000003, 'text': ' I used to have CIO, CFO, and different lines of business,', 'tokens': [51500, 286, 1143, 281, 362, 383, 15167, 11, 383, 18067, 11, 293, 819, 3876, 295, 1606, 11, 51654], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 822, 'seek': 207136, 'start': 2097.1600000000003, 'end': 2100.32, 'text': ' well, business devs, ops, so forth.', 'tokens': [51654, 731, 11, 1606, 1905, 82, 11, 44663, 11, 370, 5220, 13, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15183572123821518, 'compression_ratio': 1.5634920634920635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008877544314600527}, {'id': 823, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2100.36, 'end': 2103.04, 'text': ' And we used to have lots of fights.', 'tokens': [50366, 400, 321, 1143, 281, 362, 3195, 295, 14512, 13, 50500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 824, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2103.04, 'end': 2105.6400000000003, 'text': ' And so I thought, well, what we need to do', 'tokens': [50500, 400, 370, 286, 1194, 11, 731, 11, 437, 321, 643, 281, 360, 50630], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 825, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2105.6400000000003, 'end': 2106.84, 'text': ' is we need to get people together.', 'tokens': [50630, 307, 321, 643, 281, 483, 561, 1214, 13, 50690], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 826, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2106.84, 'end': 2108.96, 'text': ' So I built small teams.', 'tokens': [50690, 407, 286, 3094, 1359, 5491, 13, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 827, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2108.96, 'end': 2111.32, 'text': ' I had product owners.', 'tokens': [50796, 286, 632, 1674, 7710, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 828, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2111.32, 'end': 2115.1200000000003, 'text': ' What do you think the net result of that was?', 'tokens': [50914, 708, 360, 291, 519, 264, 2533, 1874, 295, 300, 390, 30, 51104], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 829, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2115.1200000000003, 'end': 2116.7200000000003, 'text': ' Yeah, more fights.', 'tokens': [51104, 865, 11, 544, 14512, 13, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 830, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2116.7200000000003, 'end': 2118.7200000000003, 'text': ' Now within these teams.', 'tokens': [51184, 823, 1951, 613, 5491, 13, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 831, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2118.7200000000003, 'end': 2120.32, 'text': " And I was like, what's going on?", 'tokens': [51284, 400, 286, 390, 411, 11, 437, 311, 516, 322, 30, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 832, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2120.32, 'end': 2123.1200000000003, 'text': ' And then I realized that we were building some stuff, which', 'tokens': [51364, 400, 550, 286, 5334, 300, 321, 645, 2390, 512, 1507, 11, 597, 51504], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 833, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2123.1200000000003, 'end': 2126.0800000000004, 'text': ' was like novel and new, and some stuff which', 'tokens': [51504, 390, 411, 7613, 293, 777, 11, 293, 512, 1507, 597, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 834, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2126.0800000000004, 'end': 2127.6000000000004, 'text': ' seemed to be more core.', 'tokens': [51652, 6576, 281, 312, 544, 4965, 13, 51728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 835, 'seek': 210032, 'start': 2127.6000000000004, 'end': 2129.1600000000003, 'text': " I didn't have mapping at the time.", 'tokens': [51728, 286, 994, 380, 362, 18350, 412, 264, 565, 13, 51806], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16702890396118164, 'compression_ratio': 1.7115384615384615, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0023540151305496693}, {'id': 836, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2129.16, 'end': 2131.6, 'text': ' This was about 2003, something like that.', 'tokens': [50364, 639, 390, 466, 16416, 11, 746, 411, 300, 13, 50486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 837, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2131.6, 'end': 2135.3999999999996, 'text': ' And so what I did is I split the organization, all of this,', 'tokens': [50486, 400, 370, 437, 286, 630, 307, 286, 7472, 264, 4475, 11, 439, 295, 341, 11, 50676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 838, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2135.3999999999996, 'end': 2138.7599999999998, 'text': ' into dev core, dev core, dev core, dev core, dev core.', 'tokens': [50676, 666, 1905, 4965, 11, 1905, 4965, 11, 1905, 4965, 11, 1905, 4965, 11, 1905, 4965, 13, 50844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 839, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2138.7599999999998, 'end': 2140.0, 'text': ' So we need two pups.', 'tokens': [50844, 407, 321, 643, 732, 280, 7528, 13, 50906], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 840, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2140.0, 'end': 2142.48, 'text': ' What do you think the net result was?', 'tokens': [50906, 708, 360, 291, 519, 264, 2533, 1874, 390, 30, 51030], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 841, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2142.48, 'end': 2145.64, 'text': ' All out warfare.', 'tokens': [51030, 1057, 484, 24490, 13, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 842, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2145.64, 'end': 2148.64, 'text': ' So what was happening, and I could explain it a year later', 'tokens': [51188, 407, 437, 390, 2737, 11, 293, 286, 727, 2903, 309, 257, 1064, 1780, 51338], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 843, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2148.64, 'end': 2150.7999999999997, 'text': ' when I had mapping, is core was building', 'tokens': [51338, 562, 286, 632, 18350, 11, 307, 4965, 390, 2390, 51446], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 844, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2150.7999999999997, 'end': 2152.3199999999997, 'text': ' these new core services.', 'tokens': [51446, 613, 777, 4965, 3328, 13, 51522], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 845, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2152.3199999999997, 'end': 2155.68, 'text': ' Dev was building new proposals on top.', 'tokens': [51522, 9096, 390, 2390, 777, 20198, 322, 1192, 13, 51690], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 846, 'seek': 212916, 'start': 2155.68, 'end': 2157.52, 'text': ' That stuff was evolving.', 'tokens': [51690, 663, 1507, 390, 21085, 13, 51782], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16420790456956433, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706349206349207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0011873611947521567}, {'id': 847, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2157.52, 'end': 2163.32, 'text': ' And then dev would get a core and say, you look after this.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 1905, 576, 483, 257, 4965, 293, 584, 11, 291, 574, 934, 341, 13, 50654], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 848, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2163.32, 'end': 2166.68, 'text': " And core would go, where's the documentation?", 'tokens': [50654, 400, 4965, 576, 352, 11, 689, 311, 264, 14333, 30, 50822], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 849, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2166.68, 'end': 2168.68, 'text': ' And they would go, burn inheriting.', 'tokens': [50822, 400, 436, 576, 352, 11, 5064, 9484, 1748, 13, 50922], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 850, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2168.68, 'end': 2170.68, 'text': ' Blah!', 'tokens': [50922, 2177, 545, 0, 51022], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 851, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2170.68, 'end': 2174.52, 'text': ' And so what would then happen is dev, and nothing was', 'tokens': [51022, 400, 370, 437, 576, 550, 1051, 307, 1905, 11, 293, 1825, 390, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 852, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2174.52, 'end': 2179.84, 'text': ' evolving, dev would go and build new things on top of dev.', 'tokens': [51214, 21085, 11, 1905, 576, 352, 293, 1322, 777, 721, 322, 1192, 295, 1905, 13, 51480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 853, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2179.84, 'end': 2182.28, 'text': ' And so what was happening was I was getting increasing', 'tokens': [51480, 400, 370, 437, 390, 2737, 390, 286, 390, 1242, 5662, 51602], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 854, 'seek': 215752, 'start': 2182.28, 'end': 2186.16, 'text': ' instability in this system and all out warfare', 'tokens': [51602, 34379, 294, 341, 1185, 293, 439, 484, 24490, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16618584141586767, 'compression_ratio': 1.7075471698113207, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0005482802516780794}, {'id': 855, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2186.2, 'end': 2191.44, 'text': ' between the groups because I had this missing middle.', 'tokens': [50366, 1296, 264, 3935, 570, 286, 632, 341, 5361, 2808, 13, 50628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 856, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2191.44, 'end': 2195.8399999999997, 'text': ' That bit in the middle, which sort of had existed before I', 'tokens': [50628, 663, 857, 294, 264, 2808, 11, 597, 1333, 295, 632, 13135, 949, 286, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 857, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2195.8399999999997, 'end': 2198.7599999999998, 'text': ' basically taking my structure and polarize it,', 'tokens': [50848, 1936, 1940, 452, 3877, 293, 12367, 1125, 309, 11, 50994], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 858, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2198.7599999999998, 'end': 2199.64, 'text': ' I diminished it.', 'tokens': [50994, 286, 40206, 309, 13, 51038], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 859, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2199.64, 'end': 2201.56, 'text': ' You either core or dev.', 'tokens': [51038, 509, 2139, 4965, 420, 1905, 13, 51134], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 860, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2201.56, 'end': 2203.7999999999997, 'text': ' There was no one in the middle.', 'tokens': [51134, 821, 390, 572, 472, 294, 264, 2808, 13, 51246], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 861, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2203.7999999999997, 'end': 2206.7999999999997, 'text': ' So I reorganized the entire company', 'tokens': [51246, 407, 286, 41203, 1602, 264, 2302, 2237, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 862, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2206.7999999999997, 'end': 2209.64, 'text': ' into chief pioneers, chief settlers, chief town planners.', 'tokens': [51396, 666, 9588, 47381, 11, 9588, 43798, 11, 9588, 3954, 49674, 13, 51538], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 863, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2209.64, 'end': 2212.8799999999997, 'text': ' Because I realized I need three critical types of attitude,', 'tokens': [51538, 1436, 286, 5334, 286, 643, 1045, 4924, 3467, 295, 10157, 11, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 864, 'seek': 218616, 'start': 2212.8799999999997, 'end': 2215.48, 'text': ' three critical different types of people.', 'tokens': [51700, 1045, 4924, 819, 3467, 295, 561, 13, 51830], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17457880797209563, 'compression_ratio': 1.6984126984126984, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019166514975950122}, {'id': 865, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2215.48, 'end': 2218.76, 'text': " I didn't matter whether it was engineering, marketing, finance.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 994, 380, 1871, 1968, 309, 390, 7043, 11, 6370, 11, 10719, 13, 50528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 866, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2218.76, 'end': 2222.04, 'text': ' And so what we ended up was aptitudes going across,', 'tokens': [50528, 400, 370, 437, 321, 4590, 493, 390, 29427, 16451, 516, 2108, 11, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 867, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2222.04, 'end': 2224.52, 'text': ' like finance and marketing and aptitude,', 'tokens': [50692, 411, 10719, 293, 6370, 293, 29427, 4377, 11, 50816], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 868, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2224.52, 'end': 2226.4, 'text': ' attitudes going up and down.', 'tokens': [50816, 25853, 516, 493, 293, 760, 13, 50910], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 869, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2226.4, 'end': 2230.48, 'text': " So now we'd build products, product owners and small teams,", 'tokens': [50910, 407, 586, 321, 1116, 1322, 3383, 11, 1674, 7710, 293, 1359, 5491, 11, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 870, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2230.48, 'end': 2233.4, 'text': ' all with the same attitude.', 'tokens': [51114, 439, 365, 264, 912, 10157, 13, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 871, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2233.4, 'end': 2235.76, 'text': ' And then what would happen is we introduced what was known', 'tokens': [51260, 400, 550, 437, 576, 1051, 307, 321, 7268, 437, 390, 2570, 51378], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 872, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2235.76, 'end': 2237.52, 'text': ' as the system of theft.', 'tokens': [51378, 382, 264, 1185, 295, 28508, 13, 51466], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 873, 'seek': 221548, 'start': 2237.52, 'end': 2243.48, 'text': ' So the settlers would invade the pioneering group.', 'tokens': [51466, 407, 264, 43798, 576, 39171, 264, 19761, 1794, 1594, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419225420270647, 'compression_ratio': 1.7543103448275863, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0009187465766444802}, {'id': 874, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2243.48, 'end': 2245.92, 'text': ' So the pioneers are doing something exciting.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 47381, 366, 884, 746, 4670, 13, 50486], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 875, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2245.92, 'end': 2248.28, 'text': ' And the settlers were really good at taking exciting and making', 'tokens': [50486, 400, 264, 43798, 645, 534, 665, 412, 1940, 4670, 293, 1455, 50604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 876, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2248.28, 'end': 2249.28, 'text': ' it really useful.', 'tokens': [50604, 309, 534, 4420, 13, 50654], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 877, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2249.28, 'end': 2251.6, 'text': ' So they would invade and steal it,', 'tokens': [50654, 407, 436, 576, 39171, 293, 11009, 309, 11, 50770], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 878, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2251.6, 'end': 2254.68, 'text': ' forcing the pioneers to get on with more pioneering.', 'tokens': [50770, 19030, 264, 47381, 281, 483, 322, 365, 544, 19761, 1794, 13, 50924], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 879, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2254.68, 'end': 2257.32, 'text': " And then the town planners, seeing the settlers' product", 'tokens': [50924, 400, 550, 264, 3954, 49674, 11, 2577, 264, 43798, 6, 1674, 51056], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 880, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2257.32, 'end': 2259.52, 'text': ' becoming successful, would come in and steal it.', 'tokens': [51056, 5617, 4406, 11, 576, 808, 294, 293, 11009, 309, 13, 51166], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 881, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2259.52, 'end': 2263.28, 'text': ' Because the town planners were great at industrializing things.', 'tokens': [51166, 1436, 264, 3954, 49674, 645, 869, 412, 9987, 3319, 721, 13, 51354], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 882, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2263.28, 'end': 2265.48, 'text': " They're like the Amazons of this world.", 'tokens': [51354, 814, 434, 411, 264, 2012, 921, 892, 295, 341, 1002, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 883, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2265.48, 'end': 2267.2, 'text': ' Brilliant, and that sort of stuff.', 'tokens': [51464, 34007, 11, 293, 300, 1333, 295, 1507, 13, 51550], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 884, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2267.2, 'end': 2270.56, 'text': ' So what we introduced was the system of theft,', 'tokens': [51550, 407, 437, 321, 7268, 390, 264, 1185, 295, 28508, 11, 51718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 885, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2270.56, 'end': 2271.44, 'text': ' which worked very well.', 'tokens': [51718, 597, 2732, 588, 731, 13, 51762], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 886, 'seek': 224348, 'start': 2271.44, 'end': 2272.84, 'text': ' And the fight stopped.', 'tokens': [51762, 400, 264, 2092, 5936, 13, 51832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1631360426016733, 'compression_ratio': 1.8716216216216217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0016246434533968568}, {'id': 887, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2272.84, 'end': 2274.96, 'text': ' Now in order to do that, you have to first of all', 'tokens': [50364, 823, 294, 1668, 281, 360, 300, 11, 291, 362, 281, 700, 295, 439, 50470], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 888, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2274.96, 'end': 2275.6000000000004, 'text': ' have to go through.', 'tokens': [50470, 362, 281, 352, 807, 13, 50502], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 889, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2275.6000000000004, 'end': 2279.0, 'text': " There's about 40 pieces of doctrine, so we haven't got time.", 'tokens': [50502, 821, 311, 466, 3356, 3755, 295, 23290, 11, 370, 321, 2378, 380, 658, 565, 13, 50672], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 890, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2279.0, 'end': 2280.44, 'text': ' But basically, you start with a map,', 'tokens': [50672, 583, 1936, 11, 291, 722, 365, 257, 4471, 11, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 891, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2280.44, 'end': 2282.36, 'text': ' you break it down into small components,', 'tokens': [50744, 291, 1821, 309, 760, 666, 1359, 6677, 11, 50840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 892, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2282.36, 'end': 2283.7200000000003, 'text': ' and then you use small teams.', 'tokens': [50840, 293, 550, 291, 764, 1359, 5491, 13, 50908], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 893, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2283.7200000000003, 'end': 2285.6800000000003, 'text': ' Then you can apply multiple attitudes,', 'tokens': [50908, 1396, 291, 393, 3079, 3866, 25853, 11, 51006], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 894, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2285.6800000000003, 'end': 2287.96, 'text': " and you discover that there's no such thing as one size.", 'tokens': [51006, 293, 291, 4411, 300, 456, 311, 572, 1270, 551, 382, 472, 2744, 13, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 895, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2287.96, 'end': 2290.76, 'text': " If it's all culture, either, blah, do blah.", 'tokens': [51120, 759, 309, 311, 439, 3713, 11, 2139, 11, 12288, 11, 360, 12288, 13, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 896, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2290.76, 'end': 2292.28, 'text': " And it's through the system of theft", 'tokens': [51260, 400, 309, 311, 807, 264, 1185, 295, 28508, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 897, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2292.28, 'end': 2294.52, 'text': ' that you actually manage the evolution of stuff.', 'tokens': [51336, 300, 291, 767, 3067, 264, 9303, 295, 1507, 13, 51448], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 898, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2294.52, 'end': 2295.8, 'text': " But we don't have time.", 'tokens': [51448, 583, 321, 500, 380, 362, 565, 13, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 899, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2295.8, 'end': 2299.2400000000002, 'text': " So all I'm going to do is give a shout out to GCHQ.", 'tokens': [51512, 407, 439, 286, 478, 516, 281, 360, 307, 976, 257, 8043, 484, 281, 460, 5462, 48, 13, 51684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 900, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2299.2400000000002, 'end': 2300.44, 'text': " There's a wonderful document.", 'tokens': [51684, 821, 311, 257, 3715, 4166, 13, 51744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 901, 'seek': 227284, 'start': 2300.44, 'end': 2301.44, 'text': " It's totally available.", 'tokens': [51744, 467, 311, 3879, 2435, 13, 51794], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19168443789427309, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.000705564278177917}, {'id': 902, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2301.44, 'end': 2303.6, 'text': ' You can go and read it yourself.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 352, 293, 1401, 309, 1803, 13, 50472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 903, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2303.6, 'end': 2305.08, 'text': ' Boiling frogs.', 'tokens': [50472, 3286, 4883, 37107, 13, 50546], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 904, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2305.08, 'end': 2307.88, 'text': " You'll read all about that three-party structure", 'tokens': [50546, 509, 603, 1401, 439, 466, 300, 1045, 12, 23409, 3877, 50686], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 905, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2307.88, 'end': 2310.88, 'text': ' and how to cope with constant change, innovation,', 'tokens': [50686, 293, 577, 281, 22598, 365, 5754, 1319, 11, 8504, 11, 50836], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 906, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2310.88, 'end': 2313.56, 'text': ' and destruction.', 'tokens': [50836, 293, 13563, 13, 50970], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 907, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2313.56, 'end': 2314.92, 'text': ' So recap.', 'tokens': [50970, 407, 20928, 13, 51038], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 908, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2314.92, 'end': 2317.52, 'text': ' Sighted off with strategy.', 'tokens': [51038, 318, 397, 292, 766, 365, 5206, 13, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 909, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2317.52, 'end': 2319.76, 'text': ' Where I was going, what I was going, wrong.', 'tokens': [51168, 2305, 286, 390, 516, 11, 437, 286, 390, 516, 11, 2085, 13, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 910, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2319.76, 'end': 2322.48, 'text': ' I talked about the lack of maps, why maps mattered.', 'tokens': [51280, 286, 2825, 466, 264, 5011, 295, 11317, 11, 983, 11317, 44282, 13, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 911, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2322.48, 'end': 2324.32, 'text': ' Talked about being trapped by context.', 'tokens': [51416, 8780, 292, 466, 885, 14994, 538, 4319, 13, 51508], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 912, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2324.32, 'end': 2326.64, 'text': " That's one of the most common problems I find.", 'tokens': [51508, 663, 311, 472, 295, 264, 881, 2689, 2740, 286, 915, 13, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 913, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2326.64, 'end': 2327.4, 'text': ' We do stuff.', 'tokens': [51624, 492, 360, 1507, 13, 51662], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 914, 'seek': 230144, 'start': 2327.4, 'end': 2329.8, 'text': " We don't think about why we're doing stuff,", 'tokens': [51662, 492, 500, 380, 519, 466, 983, 321, 434, 884, 1507, 11, 51782], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19619464146271917, 'compression_ratio': 1.6441947565543071, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0021355326753109694}, {'id': 915, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2329.8, 'end': 2332.76, 'text': " because we've got no way of visualizing the context.", 'tokens': [50364, 570, 321, 600, 658, 572, 636, 295, 5056, 3319, 264, 4319, 13, 50512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 916, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2332.76, 'end': 2334.52, 'text': ' And then we talked about some basic patterns', 'tokens': [50512, 400, 550, 321, 2825, 466, 512, 3875, 8294, 50600], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 917, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2334.52, 'end': 2336.88, 'text': ' used for anticipation and so forth.', 'tokens': [50600, 1143, 337, 35979, 293, 370, 5220, 13, 50718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 918, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2336.88, 'end': 2339.8, 'text': " So if there's some things we get wrong,", 'tokens': [50718, 407, 498, 456, 311, 512, 721, 321, 483, 2085, 11, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 919, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2339.8, 'end': 2341.8, 'text': " well, we've only got a minute left.", 'tokens': [50864, 731, 11, 321, 600, 787, 658, 257, 3456, 1411, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 920, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2341.8, 'end': 2345.52, 'text': " So I'll have to leave that to another day.", 'tokens': [50964, 407, 286, 603, 362, 281, 1856, 300, 281, 1071, 786, 13, 51150], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 921, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2345.52, 'end': 2346.6000000000004, 'text': ' This is a cycle.', 'tokens': [51150, 639, 307, 257, 6586, 13, 51204], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 922, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2346.6000000000004, 'end': 2349.28, 'text': ' The more you do it, the better you get at this.', 'tokens': [51204, 440, 544, 291, 360, 309, 11, 264, 1101, 291, 483, 412, 341, 13, 51338], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 923, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2349.28, 'end': 2353.0, 'text': ' No map is a perfect representation of the space.', 'tokens': [51338, 883, 4471, 307, 257, 2176, 10290, 295, 264, 1901, 13, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 924, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2353.0, 'end': 2353.96, 'text': " They're all imperfect.", 'tokens': [51524, 814, 434, 439, 26714, 13, 51572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 925, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2353.96, 'end': 2355.1200000000003, 'text': " They're all models.", 'tokens': [51572, 814, 434, 439, 5245, 13, 51630], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 926, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2355.1200000000003, 'end': 2357.2400000000002, 'text': ' If I wanted to produce a perfect map of France,', 'tokens': [51630, 759, 286, 1415, 281, 5258, 257, 2176, 4471, 295, 6190, 11, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 927, 'seek': 232980, 'start': 2357.2400000000002, 'end': 2359.0800000000004, 'text': ' what scale would it be?', 'tokens': [51736, 437, 4373, 576, 309, 312, 30, 51828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13284928071583416, 'compression_ratio': 1.6529209621993126, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00016425659123342484}, {'id': 928, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2359.12, 'end': 2364.84, 'text': ' One to one, which means it would be the size of France.', 'tokens': [50366, 1485, 281, 472, 11, 597, 1355, 309, 576, 312, 264, 2744, 295, 6190, 13, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 929, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2364.84, 'end': 2368.68, 'text': " OK, so as a map, that's not very useful.", 'tokens': [50652, 2264, 11, 370, 382, 257, 4471, 11, 300, 311, 406, 588, 4420, 13, 50844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 930, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2368.68, 'end': 2372.7999999999997, 'text': ' So all maps are imperfect representations of a space.', 'tokens': [50844, 407, 439, 11317, 366, 26714, 33358, 295, 257, 1901, 13, 51050], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 931, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2372.7999999999997, 'end': 2374.72, 'text': " But they're great tools for learning", 'tokens': [51050, 583, 436, 434, 869, 3873, 337, 2539, 51146], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 932, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2374.72, 'end': 2379.16, 'text': ' as long as they are maps, not graphs.', 'tokens': [51146, 382, 938, 382, 436, 366, 11317, 11, 406, 24877, 13, 51368], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 933, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2379.16, 'end': 2380.88, 'text': ' All of this stuff is Creative Commons,', 'tokens': [51368, 1057, 295, 341, 1507, 307, 26598, 34894, 11, 51454], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 934, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2380.88, 'end': 2384.3199999999997, 'text': ' has been for 14 years, Medium.com, Wardley Maps.', 'tokens': [51454, 575, 668, 337, 3499, 924, 11, 38915, 13, 1112, 11, 23794, 3420, 28978, 13, 51626], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 935, 'seek': 235908, 'start': 2384.3199999999997, 'end': 2386.04, 'text': " There's entire communities online.", 'tokens': [51626, 821, 311, 2302, 4456, 2950, 13, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2121612548828125, 'compression_ratio': 1.4560669456066946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036528659984469414}, {'id': 936, 'seek': 238604, 'start': 2386.04, 'end': 2390.12, 'text': ' We have MapCamp with about 650 mapers all over the world.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 362, 22053, 34, 1215, 365, 466, 38566, 4471, 433, 439, 670, 264, 1002, 13, 50568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3385356267293294, 'compression_ratio': 1.2236842105263157, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032345966901630163}, {'id': 937, 'seek': 238604, 'start': 2390.12, 'end': 2392.52, 'text': ' All sorts of organizations are doing interesting stuff', 'tokens': [50568, 1057, 7527, 295, 6150, 366, 884, 1880, 1507, 50688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3385356267293294, 'compression_ratio': 1.2236842105263157, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032345966901630163}, {'id': 938, 'seek': 238604, 'start': 2392.52, 'end': 2393.12, 'text': ' with this.', 'tokens': [50688, 365, 341, 13, 50718], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3385356267293294, 'compression_ratio': 1.2236842105263157, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032345966901630163}, {'id': 939, 'seek': 238604, 'start': 2393.12, 'end': 2394.56, 'text': ' Help yourself.', 'tokens': [50718, 10773, 1803, 13, 50790], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3385356267293294, 'compression_ratio': 1.2236842105263157, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032345966901630163}, {'id': 940, 'seek': 238604, 'start': 2394.56, 'end': 2396.32, 'text': " And at that point, I'll say thank you.", 'tokens': [50790, 400, 412, 300, 935, 11, 286, 603, 584, 1309, 291, 13, 50878], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3385356267293294, 'compression_ratio': 1.2236842105263157, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032345966901630163}, {'id': 941, 'seek': 238604, 'start': 2396.32, 'end': 2398.32, 'text': ' APPLAUSE', 'tokens': [50878, 35298, 50978], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3385356267293294, 'compression_ratio': 1.2236842105263157, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0032345966901630163}], 'language': 'en'}, {'text': " The purpose of this is to talk about the company Autodesk, to be able to use and to review how I use varly mapping for analyzing companies, how to do it in a way that enables me to talk to other people and to have a common language and to be able to not just focus on the surface of the companies, but to be able to go indeed in what is happening. So there will be the main things that I will be talking about. It will be about how to discover things related to a company that it's competing in a market. I will be talking a lot about things that they are happening in the company, trying to dig into the details that you can face. So saying that, I will go ahead with the presentation. So any question, please raise your hand. So first map, let's start with a map. And it is this one where I have the person that is the investor. When I started to work, I started to invest. And I started to invest in the public market. And then I realized that I need to know a lot of different things to really make the things in the right way. So finally, after some years, in terms of knowledge, I was able to divide four main areas of knowledge that I needed to incorporate in my mind as an investor. So I started with the non-numerical aspects of the companies. Then I was able to understand microeconomic data. Then I learned and read a lot about the fundamental indicators of the companies. During the last five years, I had been trying to understand better the technical analysis of the companies using indicators, doing activities related to analysis of quantitative strategies, working with Python data that helped me to try to figure out which strategies could be working better, blah, blah, blah, blah. But at the end, as an investor, these are the four pillars of knowledge that I think that you need to cultivate. Not is not linear, you have a few times, you have time to read, time to do things, and then you continue evolving on your knowledge. Everybody that starts investing in some way, they used to start investing in the sector where they know things. So they at least know the non-numerical aspects of the companies and the part of the sector where they are working in a daily basis. So it's really more easy for people that they are working in the pharma industry to invest on pharma companies. But it's not the only knowledge that you should follow because there are other major things that you should take into account. The point is that when you invest, you have information. Some information, it's useful, some information is not useful. Depending on the purpose of your investment, if you are doing swing trading, if you are doing scalpering, if you are doing long-term investment, it depends on the type of data that you want to consume and it depends on how you digest all that data and you are able to gain knowledge of the company. So in the US, we have the 10k forms that is the way that the companies put in front of the regulator, that is the SEC, all the information that they say, well, we are a public company, we are accountable and this is the information. So this is the documents that I read because it's the formal documentation that they put on the table. If you look at other information, they will make up some data and the other thing is they don't do, they don't publish the data always in the same format. So 10k, when you are used to digest the information, it makes more sense. So today, what I'm going to do is to do a review of a company, Autodesk, what I'm going to do is post-mortem analysis. The reason I'm doing it is because a person that is a friend that is working in engineering, he was asking me about this company, he was thinking about investing on this company. Recently, we were analyzing the, basically, we were analyzing because the purpose is long-term, so we were analyzing the fundamental indicators, the non-numerical aspects. So once that we did the basic analysis, we found that it was useful to start building a varly map and try to dig into more deep information from the company. This is the price chart of Autodesk, this is the ticket. Below, you can see some fears. I want to analyze the period of time between 2015 and 2019. So I have hide all this information. The information related to the fundamentals, it's related to a series of fundamental data that I have built in TradingView. TradingView, it's a platform for trading and it enables you to build your own scripts. So as I am a long-term investor, you will find thousands of scripts related to a short-term period of trading. But I wanted to have fundamental analysis and be able to look through the time, through the years. So I publish, I built for myself and then I publish what you can see here. So if you are interested, you can go take the code, use the code in TradingView or take the code, download it and build on your own time script and change it, modify it, do whatever you want. So what do we see here? We see in purple, we have the revenue. So we can see then we have dark blue, operational expenditure. Rose prophet, it's in light blue. In orange, we have the EBITDA. The green line is the free cash flow. So we can see that we have a trend that goes up. But starting in 2015, something started to went not too much well. We can see then that the free cash flow started to become below zero, which is not good. Okay, so something was happening to Autodesk. What? I don't know. Let's continue. The second tab of this fundamental indicator, it's related to the total debt that you can see in red. They were increasing debt in 2015. Then we have in blue the total equity. Oh, this is going down. They were doing financial moves internally. So the CFO was having a lot of work during this year. And you can see the third thing is the free cash flow. At the end of 2015, they were able to have more or less $24,000 million in cash flow. That was decreasing a lot. So in 2019, they were only having the half. That's a lot. They were burning a lot of money. Why? We don't know it. But something is happening. Then I came to the third tab of the fundamental indicator that I built. And then we have research and development, which was going up, which is good. For me, this is always important that the companies continue investing into research and development. And they were doing it, even though even though the previous figures were negative, they continue adding more money on research and development. So that's a good sign. Then we have the ROIC that was going down, the return of assets in dark green that was going down. So not good. Then I was looking into the return of equity. You can see here in the second half of 2018 that they did some recognition of something. And then the efficiency of the company to be able to generate profits were going, not from negative, but from minus two points to minus 10 points, which is a lot. This is in terms of percentage. So minus 10, it's like so much bad. So something is happening here. So this was the first look I did to the company using these indicators. Then what I used to do to analyze the company is I go to the web page and I look to the formal forms. You can go to the sec and it's supposed that they publish the same forms, but it's quite easy to go to the company investor relationship side and then you can get all the information. So what I did, it was to review the information between 2015 and 2019. And I was looking at the annual feelings and tried to understand what was happening in this period of three years. So what I first found is that the company is divided in these five segments. We can see that this AutoCAD was the origin of the company. It was the first major product that they had. It's something that they keep very stable. And in terms of revenue, they have been able to keep the continue increasing the consumption of all the activities. We can see that they were having this, how is it named, the manufacturing, they have manufacturing products, they have media and entertainment products. They mainly work for Disney and they have these architecture structures that it's the main one. Other thing that you can figure out that you can find is that each one of the units, they have their own headquarters. And this is something important because this gives the company and the units, they have the independence to make their own decisions, to work on their own futures. They come from different cultures and they are respecting it. So this is something that also gives some information to us. Then I was looking into these SEC files and I was looking into the context of where Autodesk was competing in 2016, how they are competing today. So I did that at least of the competitors that they are mentioning in their files. So this, we could have the bias of saying, okay, they are only mentioning a set of competitors and not of all of them. But I think they have a really complete list of competitors and I'm used to read these type of files and they are, I would say, very generous commenting about what are the competitors they are looking for. So I have left some spaces. So for instance, this ANSI incorporated. Now it's blank because, well, it's not there anymore. It doesn't mean that ANSI, it doesn't exist, but they are not considering that as a competitor anymore. So that's it. And we can see that they have two new competitors. What I have seen is that the major competitors are the SALT systems, SOLIDWORKS, Adobe, and Siemens PLM for manufacturing, PTC2. Okay, so these were the major ones. I don't know if we have any questions. No questions. So I will continue. Then I was reviewing, okay, what are the major or the list of acquisitions that they have been doing? What are the activities that they have been trying to acquire? And that how, what are the type of activities that they are trying to put their money in? So looking for the capital flows and trying to understand in which area they are investing the most. Okay, so first of all, we can see in 2015, Sieg Control and Internet of the Things company, then SOLIDANGLE. So this is for rendering software, CADsoft, it's designing for buildings. Then we have Plangrid Construction Productivity, so the business unit of AEC. It's the main one that is benefiting. It's taking the benefits of the acquisitions. Then we have again, an online construction workforce, Big Yit Bench. And then we have INVICE, that it's a smart water infrastructure modeling, which also benefit to the AEC business unit. So mainly all the acquisitions that they are doing are basically or for the horizontal activities that the autodesk is doing or for AEC. Then I started to review some non-financial data on the 10K documents. And then my mind came into something that it was one big problem. And it was the fact that they were mentioning in 2015 the need to move from license to software as a service. I was reading that and I said, well, what's this? So as this is a post-mortem analysis, I wanted to mention this no choice of over evolution, but it's a climatic pattern. So they moved from license to software as a service in the generic IT, if we talk about servers, computing, storage, this was something that was happening between 2009, 2012, or 2009, 2015. So many companies started to consume this type of services, not from their data centers, but they started to consume in a different way. And then they aggressively moved to the cloud. So what happens and what this climatic pattern tried to represent is that there are early adopters, people that they are innovating early adopters, early majority, and late majority. Then what happens is that when the late majority is moving there, it means that if you are competing in that market and the consumers are moving to that new model, it means that if you have not done anything, then you are very late. So what I was reading in the documents were that Autodesk was a little bit late. So if they were mentioning they were a little bit late, it means they were so much late. Okay, so important thing is what I have read is that they were in 2015 with a high pressure to make changes in the way that they were selling the products. Not only Autocad, but the whole pack of products that they were having in their product life. Then I was looking into information in the fiscal year 2016. They started to measure the number of subscriptions. So what happened was that that year they changed the CEO and the new CEO came with a complete, with a clear approach and with a clear way to go. And it was that, well guys, we need to go to subscription model and change the whole way that we are selling our products from licenses to subscription. So this is our new direction and I'm here to go for it. So they were adding different, the number of subscriptions during four fiscal years that this is the information that you can see in this table. So they have, you can see that the maintenance model that it was composed by, you buy a license and then you buy a maintenance contract that it covers whatever years. So they were going from 2151,000 maintenance contracts and they were decreasing that till 2019 to 796,000. And then the subscription model came from 427,000 to 3,533,000 subscriptions. So what they did, it was really, really radical. They changed the whole way to sell their products from one model to other and they did it in four years. The amount of activities that they were handling at the end of the fiscal year 19, that it's 2020, they dramatically changed the way that they were doing that. I was reading the different details and I was reading different things that they were happening. So I will go in detail about what were the main hurdles that they were having. So if I started to do a map, the basic map, it was that well, the autodesk started in 1982 with AutoCAD, they were evolving the product, they continue having AutoCAD as a strong business unit, then they started with this media and entertainment business unit. They have this one that it's one of the oldest one and as we have seen before, this unit, the architecture, engineering and construction is the one that they are receiving the big amount of money that Autodesk is investing. So they are acquiring a lot of companies. My understanding is that in terms of research and development, they are putting a lot of capital over there. Then we have the manufacturing one, they were having the genetic engineering unit, which was closed in 2017. So they were working on a set of software products to visualize genetic results. They completely closed the unit to save money. So they were doing a bet here and they were, well, we financially are not doing well, we need to focus. So the focus was architecture, engineering and construction, AutoCAD. So that's in terms of the components of business units. But what I was reading, it was that they don't only change. In these four years, they only don't change the way that they were selling the products, but they were adding a lot of offering to the users. So how Autodesk started and how they were offering all the activities. So the previous vision of the CIO was every customer get their own product and we get, the customers are able to get our nice products, our very competent products, and then they pay us the license. Then the new CIO came with the message that we need to change from maintenance model to subscription model. But in addition to that, we need to build a platform that enables the users to engage and that enable all the knowledge that we are offering to be able to growth and play and create our own ecosystem. So how they started. So they started with the Workstation software, which is what they were doing. They were having all the high level capability. It was, well, you have Autodesk products, you download it, you work with that, and that's it. The second is that they were offering service support. So that service support was handled in by the Autodesk support that was composed by different type of service support. You could have priority support that was people that they were directly helping to you. This was for major companies. Then you could have a live support, 24% or live support that was really something that you can have during the office days. Then you were also able to have the West Web Case support that was something that was available for all the users. In addition to that, they were saying, okay, this is what we have in 2015. We need to build an ecosystem. So what they were doing, it was to increase the number of capabilities that enabled them to behave like a platform. So the artificial intelligence company and other acquisition provided them the ability to offer the Autodesk drive and the shared views. The shared views is a way where if you are using one of the Autodesk products, you will be able to share the view that you are building, let's say a 3D diagram that you are building with AutoCAD, and you want to share it with a colleague that it's in another part of the world. So you can share that view and the other person can access to that view. So if he is building a piece of something and need to know how you are building your own piece, then that shared view enables you to fit the two components in the right way. So that was happening thanks to the artificial intelligence company that they were acquiring. This is something they are not only offering to the architecture engineering and construction unit, they are offering to all the units. And then they improved the version control system where that apparently it was not very, they don't have very nice feedback from users, so they did a lot of improvement on that. So from product life lifecycle management capabilities, they included these low level capabilities that enabled them to have the users using the platform and to be able to increase the fidelity and the need of the users to continue working with the Autodesk product that they were using. So this was the way that they were doing that. The second point that they were increasing a lot, it was that the learning services. In terms of learning services, they were playing the game before with the use of third parties. So Autodesk was training people and companies, and these people were trainers that they were training the end users. Then with the new direction that they were willing to take, they were saying, well, we were giving the training through third parties, but we would like to engage the people directly and to build our learning services. So we will not stop training trainers, but we will try to make, to increase the learning services that we directly provide so that we can get that revenue too. So they had in the past the certification programs which actually, I think that in the reality they didn't change it. They completely changed the Autodesk Knowledge Network. They created the Autodesk Development Network membership. They started to create on-demand courses. They were creating a service that it was live coaching, that where you were having a contract with that possibility, you could request to schedule a meeting with someone who will give you professional support related to something of the helpdesk product that you are using. In terms of the service, they also added the Asked and Expert, the Autodesk Virtual Agent, which was something that was happening in the last three years and that they were really trying to engage and remove third parties. So they were able to provide the service and to add more value to the original license where they were only offering Autodesk product plus service support. So both things were in parallel. They were doing all these changes between 2016 and at the end of 2019, so 2020. So I don't know if anybody has any questions. So I continue. So they were building that platform. They were doing a lot of changes in the way that they were offering this product and giving value to the users. But here it comes. The more interesting change that really happens is that, well, who are the consumer? Well, the technical people that they use the Autodesk products, but we also have the finance and procurement customer, which is willing and is going and is under pressure to save money for their own company. So finance and procurement, they were already very familiar to the use of Solution as a Service subscription models in software because they were working. I'm sure they were in the big companies and in any type of size of company, the finance and procurement people, they have been working to try to remove CAPEX to decrease the individual cost of the use of every single aspect of the company. And they perfectly know because they probably have already done with servers, storage, memory, networks, etc. etc. etc. They have moved so many things to the cloud or they have been engaged in activities of that. So in 2015, they already know how these savings look like and they were looking for that not only in the low-level IT activities, but in the higher level. So when we look at the finance and procurement, they are looking to reduce CAPEX, to reduce the cost, to understand the expenditure, that this is something very important for them because, well, we have 350 AutoCAD licenses, but how many of them are we really using? Why is Autodesk pushing me to have 350 licenses per year when I'm really using 200 the whole year and 100 only six months? And then I have another 50 licenses that they are used less than three months because we are covering peaks of workload and then we need that. But Autodesk is making me to consume a lot of 350 licenses when I in reality don't need that much. Okay, so procure, they need to procure, they need to engage in the way to purchase the license, the product, the subscription, whatever. So what did Autodesk did in this, in this, from this point and this goes to the previous slide where I was mentioning the number of subscriptions and how they were handling. So what they did, it was, well, we have a license model. You come here, you pay a license, we give you a maintenance support for free because you are paying the license for one year and then the second year you have to pay the maintenance. And we are offering different subscription options, education, standard, premium and enterprise. As we have a lot of people around the world, but we cannot cover all the corners of the world, we have reselling programs and we have a lot of companies that they work reselling our licenses. We give them the ability to sell these licenses with a set of rules that it was built. Okay, so this is where they come from. What they have done is to say, well, what we are going to do is to change one license per one subscription and it was like, what? Yes, so the first people that they were having a lot of fear, oh, we are going to lose our jobs. We are reselling licenses and the licenses are not going to live anymore. So the message given by Autodesk was, there's no problem. We want and we value a lot all the resellers we have across the world because you guys are the people that are selling our products where we don't reach. And you know the markets and the customers better than us. So we are not going to deteriorate or change the reselling programs. So this was a key important message for all the companies reselling licenses. The second thing that they did, it was we are going to keep this basic schema for subscription options. We have four, now we have four. What they did was different programs where they were saying, well, guys, you can go from this license to subscription. So they were changing. They were letting the customers to move by themselves from licenses to subscriptions. So they created plans to deprecate the license use and then they moved directly to subscriptions. And then they were, they also created action plans to move directly customers from license to subscription. So the license has a number and that number was turned into a subscription number. So major customers, they were saying, well, we want to continue with you because we have a lot of activities with you, but please do this in an easy way. So Autodesk say no problem. Don't worry. At the end of this year, you are using licenses, but next year you will be using subscription model. And then when you look at the subscription model, then you can adapt to that way of consuming. So companies started to change. Again, I come back here. This is the result. Okay, this is a post-mortem analysis. We can see the results before to go ahead. So here the question that I had with friend that was asking me was, well, we are seeing that the number of subscription models are increasing a lot. It was 150. Then it was an increase of 180 and then 56. But the maintenance model was decreasing, decreasing and decreasing. But the question was, how many dollars are they doing here and how many dollars are they doing here? Because what happens is that sometimes in maintenance model, we have different pricing and we have different amount of uses. This could be tricky in terms of dollars. So in terms of units, it looks like they have increased the number of units because the total number of units in 2016 was lower than here, that it was higher. But we don't know how they did in terms of dollars. So then I want to move to this another climatic pattern. So this climatic pattern says efficiency doesn't mean reduced spending. And it's also the Gervon paradox that formally says that increasing efficiency decreases in instantaneously consumption, but increases the use of the model, which causes an increase of in-global consumption. So what happens in Autodesk? They move from one inefficient model that was licenses to a more efficient model that was the subscriptions. And then in the subscriptions, they were having the ability to, the customers have the ability to get the subscription per month. So in the example that I gave it to you before, the company that had 350 licenses, they were having 50 licenses that they were being used less than three months. So finance could say, well, if now I am in subscription model and I have 50 people that they only use three months per year, your produce, I'm going to procure only in the standard way, but only for three months, making some savings. So Autodesk was taking the risk to say, yes, I want to offer that in that way, even know that I know that I am losing some money, but I am trying to offer a more efficient way to engage, because I believe in Gervon's paradox. So this card, it's a standard card that I use for understanding a little bit the climatic patterns, but let's see what either really happened in Autodesk. So let's come back to our user, the finance or procurement person of a company. So we were saying that these, the user needs are here at the top. Then we were saying that he was going to be able to use the subscription model. What has Autodesk done to really materialize that they have a procurement happy customer? And I am here happy. I want to have this happy. The person buying, I want his happy. So they created something that was a user that is was able to procure. So they were creating a place where procurement could go and manage the users, that they have by team. So they were able to understand the software costs. They were creating an environment where they were able to go, log in, and perform centralized purchasing. Oh, that's fantastic. I am finance. I have a workload peak where I need to have 10 people working reconstruction activity for seven months. And I want to have for seven months, 10 more subscriptions. So they can go directly and they can procure it. So here we can see that they, there were a conflict with the Reseli program, but they were giving all these capabilities to the procurement people of the companies. And then they try to increase the flexibility of all the activities. How? They created the flex daily rates and tokens, which was a way to enable people to work by days or to work by weeks. And they were adding tokens that were like coins that finance could spend on individual people that they only need specific access for specific periods of time. So this was everything that they were doing. They completely changed the way they were selling all their products, which was a really tremendous change, but not only that. They also turn their users from specific software consumers to be software consumers plus platform consumers. So they have created a platform where the users can go and interact in terms of learning, in terms of service support, and in terms of sharing activities with other colleagues. In addition to that, and last but not least, they have considered the procurement people of the companies like a key stakeholder. So if the procurement people are happy, they are going to continue buying our products. The consequence, let's see the numbers. So here again, we can see the revenue. I was hiding, I don't know if you remember, but I was hiding here. So what happened, it was that in 2018, they started to grow up and to grow up. The Jebons paradox, we can say today that it really worked here. The atomization of the use and the consumption of their services when I guess that in the short time, they were having issues. In reality, what had happened is that in the long term, they are doing really well. And we can see the peaks of free cash flow that they have in the beginning of the years. Probably this is because they are not returning money because of the extreme use of licenses. So they are doing the close up of all the activities that they do with the customers. And this gives them extra money. So that's a typical thing that happens with these type of companies. In terms of equity, they have started to improve. We can see that in 2021, they have started to increase again the value of all their activities. They have continued increasing the debt. Well, I guess that this point, it's related to the COVID, where they probably have had to do an extra effort. But in terms of free cash flow, you can see that they have started to accumulate money again. So they are accumulating money and accumulating money. I don't know what happened here. I don't know exactly what is happening if they are using the money for more investments or whatever. But something is happening here there. In terms of research and development, they have stabilized the money that they are using, but they are spending a lot of money on research and development. For instance, in a company like Colgate or a company like Procterland Gamble, they are around 5%. So they are here. The consumer staples companies are around 5%. These companies are around 25%, which is really, really good. And in terms of in terms of Roig, they are coming back to 20%. I have this orange line at 20% because it's the threesome that I think that it's a healthy threesome in terms of what the company is really doing. In terms of return of assets, they again are doing, they have come back to over 20%, which is, I think it's really, really, really, it's an impressive comeback in three years. So that's it. And then the efficiency and the ability to generate profits, we can see, well, I think this is something very rare because it came from minus 11 and then it came back to over 2. But I think it's coming to a good threat. So that's it. Sorry, I was consuming almost the whole hour talking. I'm sorry for that. Well, the summary, I don't know if there is any question, but the summary is barley mapping can help you to analyze companies, can help you to look into the companies in the same way. And when you want to go deeper and deeper with the analysis of the companies, concepts as climatic patterns can help you a lot. Concepts as a gameplays, it's absolutely useful to really understand and identify what they really are willing to do. Concepts as doctrines, it's a little bit more complicated, but it's something that it's also useful. Hello, Christoph. Hi, Hoken. This was absolutely amazing presentation. I don't know how many times I'm going to have to watch it to understand the entire process. And I mean, that's really mind-bending. Thank you. It was fabulous. Thank you. Thank you so much. I, this is another, I will say probably it's weird use of barley mapping, but I have done with different companies. Well, this one, it was not for me, but I have done with Google. I have done with, well, with Alphabet. I have done with NVIDIA. I have done also with some of the companies. And the point is that when you do in a structured way and you have in your nomenclature things like the climatic patterns, the doctrines, the gameplays, you are looking for to try to go deeper and deeper and not just looking at the numbers, which is the one of the bias that so many people fail, that they are only looking at the past. When you are an investor, you say, okay, the past of this company is really nice in terms of numbers, but it doesn't mean that they are going to repeat the story in the future. So you face the uncertainty. Well, you want to understand that the people managing that organization, they really are doing well and they really have the right behavior. Mm-hmm. Thank you. Any questions? Perhaps we have time just for one, if there is any. And there is a question on the numbers. Have you developed any gameplay options for the future? How could you help Autodesk avoid long-term commoditization? Okay. The first question, have you developed any gameplay options for the future? Yeah, I think it's actually one question is about what should Autodesk do to thrive in the future and avoid traps? Okay. What I have learned is that they, and here is the point, I did this map and I did this analysis without knowing anything from Autodesk. So I was just looking into the public information and I published that and I received feedback from a couple of people of Autodesk. And they were, well, one of the feedback was like, oh, I didn't know that all that happened and I was there. That was number one. So I probably, the person was like in trying to get the things done, but he was not looking at the picture. The second one told me, yes, that was a big nightmare and I was in, and he was looking for that. So I don't know how they play, I know how they have played the game, but I don't know how they will play the game. But if they play the game in the same way that they have been doing, what they will do is, for instance, they will look, they will not be first movers. They will be followers and they will be looking at things like metaverse and they will not be investing money in metaverse in the first place, but they will try to be fast followers because this is what they have done in the past. So if you take them barley gameplay in table, you have this type of gameplay. So I guess that they, I have not done that map, but I will say that they are trying to be fast follower of the trends that they are coming because they know that their users, if they go to metaverse because they want to use the meta or Facebook environments and they are adopting this new way to consume software or products or experiences, then they know that in three, four years that devon paradox will arrive to their specific niche of work. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you for the presentation. Everyone, thank you for participating and for watching. I'm Peter Hogan to have you here. And stay in touch. Yep, stay in touch. Thank you. Bye.", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 10.48, 'text': ' The purpose of this is to talk about the company Autodesk, to be able to use and to review how I use', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 4334, 295, 341, 307, 281, 751, 466, 264, 2237, 6049, 4789, 74, 11, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 764, 293, 281, 3131, 577, 286, 764, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16431765807302376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6318681318681318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012846896424889565}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 10.48, 'end': 20.16, 'text': ' varly mapping for analyzing companies, how to do it in a way that enables me to talk to other people', 'tokens': [50888, 1374, 356, 18350, 337, 23663, 3431, 11, 577, 281, 360, 309, 294, 257, 636, 300, 17077, 385, 281, 751, 281, 661, 561, 51372], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16431765807302376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6318681318681318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012846896424889565}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 20.16, 'end': 28.560000000000002, 'text': ' and to have a common language and to be able to not just focus on the surface of the companies,', 'tokens': [51372, 293, 281, 362, 257, 2689, 2856, 293, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 406, 445, 1879, 322, 264, 3753, 295, 264, 3431, 11, 51792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16431765807302376, 'compression_ratio': 1.6318681318681318, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012846896424889565}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 2856, 'start': 28.56, 'end': 40.08, 'text': ' but to be able to go indeed in what is happening. So there will be the main things that I will be', 'tokens': [50364, 457, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 352, 6451, 294, 437, 307, 2737, 13, 407, 456, 486, 312, 264, 2135, 721, 300, 286, 486, 312, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10322352818080358, 'compression_ratio': 1.7577639751552796, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011297476477921009}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 2856, 'start': 40.08, 'end': 47.68, 'text': " talking about. It will be about how to discover things related to a company that it's competing", 'tokens': [50940, 1417, 466, 13, 467, 486, 312, 466, 577, 281, 4411, 721, 4077, 281, 257, 2237, 300, 309, 311, 15439, 51320], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10322352818080358, 'compression_ratio': 1.7577639751552796, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011297476477921009}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 2856, 'start': 47.68, 'end': 55.04, 'text': ' in a market. I will be talking a lot about things that they are happening in the company,', 'tokens': [51320, 294, 257, 2142, 13, 286, 486, 312, 1417, 257, 688, 466, 721, 300, 436, 366, 2737, 294, 264, 2237, 11, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10322352818080358, 'compression_ratio': 1.7577639751552796, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011297476477921009}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 5504, 'start': 55.12, 'end': 65.76, 'text': ' trying to dig into the details that you can face. So saying that, I will go ahead with the', 'tokens': [50368, 1382, 281, 2528, 666, 264, 4365, 300, 291, 393, 1851, 13, 407, 1566, 300, 11, 286, 486, 352, 2286, 365, 264, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14262985538791967, 'compression_ratio': 1.5494505494505495, 'no_speech_prob': 0.036369070410728455}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 5504, 'start': 65.76, 'end': 74.08, 'text': " presentation. So any question, please raise your hand. So first map, let's start with a map.", 'tokens': [50900, 5860, 13, 407, 604, 1168, 11, 1767, 5300, 428, 1011, 13, 407, 700, 4471, 11, 718, 311, 722, 365, 257, 4471, 13, 51316], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14262985538791967, 'compression_ratio': 1.5494505494505495, 'no_speech_prob': 0.036369070410728455}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 5504, 'start': 74.08, 'end': 82.72, 'text': ' And it is this one where I have the person that is the investor. When I started to work, I started', 'tokens': [51316, 400, 309, 307, 341, 472, 689, 286, 362, 264, 954, 300, 307, 264, 18479, 13, 1133, 286, 1409, 281, 589, 11, 286, 1409, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14262985538791967, 'compression_ratio': 1.5494505494505495, 'no_speech_prob': 0.036369070410728455}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 8272, 'start': 82.72, 'end': 89.92, 'text': ' to invest. And I started to invest in the public market. And then I realized that I need to know', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 1963, 13, 400, 286, 1409, 281, 1963, 294, 264, 1908, 2142, 13, 400, 550, 286, 5334, 300, 286, 643, 281, 458, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09595101220267159, 'compression_ratio': 1.6171428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023283014073967934}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 8272, 'start': 89.92, 'end': 97.6, 'text': ' a lot of different things to really make the things in the right way. So finally, after some years,', 'tokens': [50724, 257, 688, 295, 819, 721, 281, 534, 652, 264, 721, 294, 264, 558, 636, 13, 407, 2721, 11, 934, 512, 924, 11, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09595101220267159, 'compression_ratio': 1.6171428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023283014073967934}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 8272, 'start': 97.6, 'end': 105.6, 'text': ' in terms of knowledge, I was able to divide four main areas of knowledge that I needed', 'tokens': [51108, 294, 2115, 295, 3601, 11, 286, 390, 1075, 281, 9845, 1451, 2135, 3179, 295, 3601, 300, 286, 2978, 51508], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09595101220267159, 'compression_ratio': 1.6171428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023283014073967934}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 10560, 'start': 105.6, 'end': 113.44, 'text': ' to incorporate in my mind as an investor. So I started with the non-numerical aspects of the', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 16091, 294, 452, 1575, 382, 364, 18479, 13, 407, 286, 1409, 365, 264, 2107, 12, 77, 15583, 804, 7270, 295, 264, 50756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07357917513166155, 'compression_ratio': 1.6065573770491803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012817854061722755}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 10560, 'start': 113.44, 'end': 123.44, 'text': ' companies. Then I was able to understand microeconomic data. Then I learned and read a lot about the', 'tokens': [50756, 3431, 13, 1396, 286, 390, 1075, 281, 1223, 4532, 68, 31646, 1412, 13, 1396, 286, 3264, 293, 1401, 257, 688, 466, 264, 51256], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07357917513166155, 'compression_ratio': 1.6065573770491803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012817854061722755}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 10560, 'start': 123.44, 'end': 130.4, 'text': ' fundamental indicators of the companies. During the last five years, I had been trying to understand', 'tokens': [51256, 8088, 22176, 295, 264, 3431, 13, 6842, 264, 1036, 1732, 924, 11, 286, 632, 668, 1382, 281, 1223, 51604], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07357917513166155, 'compression_ratio': 1.6065573770491803, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012817854061722755}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 13040, 'start': 130.4, 'end': 138.4, 'text': ' better the technical analysis of the companies using indicators, doing activities related to', 'tokens': [50364, 1101, 264, 6191, 5215, 295, 264, 3431, 1228, 22176, 11, 884, 5354, 4077, 281, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09916621937471277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6652360515021458, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01132261473685503}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 13040, 'start': 138.4, 'end': 146.08, 'text': ' analysis of quantitative strategies, working with Python data that helped me to try to figure out', 'tokens': [50764, 5215, 295, 27778, 9029, 11, 1364, 365, 15329, 1412, 300, 4254, 385, 281, 853, 281, 2573, 484, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09916621937471277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6652360515021458, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01132261473685503}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 13040, 'start': 146.08, 'end': 152.64000000000001, 'text': ' which strategies could be working better, blah, blah, blah, blah. But at the end, as an investor,', 'tokens': [51148, 597, 9029, 727, 312, 1364, 1101, 11, 12288, 11, 12288, 11, 12288, 11, 12288, 13, 583, 412, 264, 917, 11, 382, 364, 18479, 11, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09916621937471277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6652360515021458, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01132261473685503}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 13040, 'start': 152.64000000000001, 'end': 160.0, 'text': ' these are the four pillars of knowledge that I think that you need to cultivate. Not is not linear,', 'tokens': [51476, 613, 366, 264, 1451, 26729, 295, 3601, 300, 286, 519, 300, 291, 643, 281, 33341, 13, 1726, 307, 406, 8213, 11, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09916621937471277, 'compression_ratio': 1.6652360515021458, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01132261473685503}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 16040, 'start': 160.96, 'end': 168.48000000000002, 'text': ' you have a few times, you have time to read, time to do things, and then you continue evolving on', 'tokens': [50392, 291, 362, 257, 1326, 1413, 11, 291, 362, 565, 281, 1401, 11, 565, 281, 360, 721, 11, 293, 550, 291, 2354, 21085, 322, 50768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11987051282610212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004302803426980972}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 16040, 'start': 168.48000000000002, 'end': 178.48000000000002, 'text': ' your knowledge. Everybody that starts investing in some way, they used to start investing in the', 'tokens': [50768, 428, 3601, 13, 7646, 300, 3719, 10978, 294, 512, 636, 11, 436, 1143, 281, 722, 10978, 294, 264, 51268], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11987051282610212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004302803426980972}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 16040, 'start': 179.68, 'end': 186.64000000000001, 'text': ' sector where they know things. So they at least know the non-numerical aspects of the companies', 'tokens': [51328, 6977, 689, 436, 458, 721, 13, 407, 436, 412, 1935, 458, 264, 2107, 12, 77, 15583, 804, 7270, 295, 264, 3431, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11987051282610212, 'compression_ratio': 1.6666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004302803426980972}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 18664, 'start': 186.64, 'end': 193.83999999999997, 'text': " and the part of the sector where they are working in a daily basis. So it's really", 'tokens': [50364, 293, 264, 644, 295, 264, 6977, 689, 436, 366, 1364, 294, 257, 5212, 5143, 13, 407, 309, 311, 534, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08694610477965554, 'compression_ratio': 1.6965174129353233, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020942394621670246}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 18664, 'start': 193.83999999999997, 'end': 200.39999999999998, 'text': ' more easy for people that they are working in the pharma industry to invest on pharma companies.', 'tokens': [50724, 544, 1858, 337, 561, 300, 436, 366, 1364, 294, 264, 903, 36159, 3518, 281, 1963, 322, 903, 36159, 3431, 13, 51052], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08694610477965554, 'compression_ratio': 1.6965174129353233, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020942394621670246}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 18664, 'start': 200.95999999999998, 'end': 207.6, 'text': " But it's not the only knowledge that you should follow because there are other", 'tokens': [51080, 583, 309, 311, 406, 264, 787, 3601, 300, 291, 820, 1524, 570, 456, 366, 661, 51412], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08694610477965554, 'compression_ratio': 1.6965174129353233, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020942394621670246}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 18664, 'start': 208.23999999999998, 'end': 214.72, 'text': ' major things that you should take into account. The point is that when you invest,', 'tokens': [51444, 2563, 721, 300, 291, 820, 747, 666, 2696, 13, 440, 935, 307, 300, 562, 291, 1963, 11, 51768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08694610477965554, 'compression_ratio': 1.6965174129353233, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0020942394621670246}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 21472, 'start': 215.35999999999999, 'end': 221.28, 'text': " you have information. Some information, it's useful, some information is not useful.", 'tokens': [50396, 291, 362, 1589, 13, 2188, 1589, 11, 309, 311, 4420, 11, 512, 1589, 307, 406, 4420, 13, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13936186548489243, 'compression_ratio': 1.8466666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005150932352989912}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 21472, 'start': 221.84, 'end': 227.28, 'text': ' Depending on the purpose of your investment, if you are doing swing trading, if you are doing', 'tokens': [50720, 22539, 322, 264, 4334, 295, 428, 6078, 11, 498, 291, 366, 884, 11173, 9529, 11, 498, 291, 366, 884, 50992], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13936186548489243, 'compression_ratio': 1.8466666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005150932352989912}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 21472, 'start': 229.04, 'end': 236.07999999999998, 'text': ' scalpering, if you are doing long-term investment, it depends on the type of data that you want to', 'tokens': [51080, 15664, 20055, 11, 498, 291, 366, 884, 938, 12, 7039, 6078, 11, 309, 5946, 322, 264, 2010, 295, 1412, 300, 291, 528, 281, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13936186548489243, 'compression_ratio': 1.8466666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005150932352989912}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 23608, 'start': 236.08, 'end': 244.8, 'text': ' consume and it depends on how you digest all that data and you are able to', 'tokens': [50364, 14732, 293, 309, 5946, 322, 577, 291, 13884, 439, 300, 1412, 293, 291, 366, 1075, 281, 50800], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1734690452689555, 'compression_ratio': 1.5696969696969696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.039971962571144104}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 23608, 'start': 247.60000000000002, 'end': 255.76000000000002, 'text': ' gain knowledge of the company. So in the US, we have the 10k forms that is the way that the', 'tokens': [50940, 6052, 3601, 295, 264, 2237, 13, 407, 294, 264, 2546, 11, 321, 362, 264, 1266, 74, 6422, 300, 307, 264, 636, 300, 264, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1734690452689555, 'compression_ratio': 1.5696969696969696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.039971962571144104}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 23608, 'start': 255.76000000000002, 'end': 262.32, 'text': ' companies put in front of the regulator, that is the SEC, all the information that they say,', 'tokens': [51348, 3431, 829, 294, 1868, 295, 264, 36250, 11, 300, 307, 264, 22399, 11, 439, 264, 1589, 300, 436, 584, 11, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1734690452689555, 'compression_ratio': 1.5696969696969696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.039971962571144104}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 26232, 'start': 262.32, 'end': 268.56, 'text': ' well, we are a public company, we are accountable and this is the information. So this is the', 'tokens': [50364, 731, 11, 321, 366, 257, 1908, 2237, 11, 321, 366, 18024, 293, 341, 307, 264, 1589, 13, 407, 341, 307, 264, 50676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08751258444278798, 'compression_ratio': 1.799043062200957, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007700308691710234}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 26232, 'start': 268.56, 'end': 273.84, 'text': " documents that I read because it's the formal documentation that they put on the table. If", 'tokens': [50676, 8512, 300, 286, 1401, 570, 309, 311, 264, 9860, 14333, 300, 436, 829, 322, 264, 3199, 13, 759, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08751258444278798, 'compression_ratio': 1.799043062200957, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007700308691710234}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 26232, 'start': 273.84, 'end': 282.4, 'text': " you look at other information, they will make up some data and the other thing is they don't do,", 'tokens': [50940, 291, 574, 412, 661, 1589, 11, 436, 486, 652, 493, 512, 1412, 293, 264, 661, 551, 307, 436, 500, 380, 360, 11, 51368], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08751258444278798, 'compression_ratio': 1.799043062200957, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007700308691710234}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 26232, 'start': 284.0, 'end': 290.88, 'text': " they don't publish the data always in the same format. So 10k, when you are used to digest the", 'tokens': [51448, 436, 500, 380, 11374, 264, 1412, 1009, 294, 264, 912, 7877, 13, 407, 1266, 74, 11, 562, 291, 366, 1143, 281, 13884, 264, 51792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08751258444278798, 'compression_ratio': 1.799043062200957, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007700308691710234}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 29088, 'start': 290.88, 'end': 300.64, 'text': " information, it makes more sense. So today, what I'm going to do is to do a review of a company,", 'tokens': [50364, 1589, 11, 309, 1669, 544, 2020, 13, 407, 965, 11, 437, 286, 478, 516, 281, 360, 307, 281, 360, 257, 3131, 295, 257, 2237, 11, 50852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1386206904544106, 'compression_ratio': 1.630057803468208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026267999783158302}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 29088, 'start': 300.64, 'end': 308.24, 'text': " Autodesk, what I'm going to do is post-mortem analysis. The reason I'm doing it is because", 'tokens': [50852, 6049, 4789, 74, 11, 437, 286, 478, 516, 281, 360, 307, 2183, 12, 76, 477, 443, 5215, 13, 440, 1778, 286, 478, 884, 309, 307, 570, 51232], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1386206904544106, 'compression_ratio': 1.630057803468208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026267999783158302}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 29088, 'start': 309.28, 'end': 318.71999999999997, 'text': ' a person that is a friend that is working in engineering, he was asking me about this company,', 'tokens': [51284, 257, 954, 300, 307, 257, 1277, 300, 307, 1364, 294, 7043, 11, 415, 390, 3365, 385, 466, 341, 2237, 11, 51756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1386206904544106, 'compression_ratio': 1.630057803468208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026267999783158302}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 31872, 'start': 318.8, 'end': 326.08000000000004, 'text': ' he was thinking about investing on this company. Recently, we were analyzing the,', 'tokens': [50368, 415, 390, 1953, 466, 10978, 322, 341, 2237, 13, 20072, 11, 321, 645, 23663, 264, 11, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1519151022939971, 'compression_ratio': 1.6890243902439024, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004764750134199858}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 31872, 'start': 327.12, 'end': 333.28000000000003, 'text': ' basically, we were analyzing because the purpose is long-term, so we were analyzing the fundamental', 'tokens': [50784, 1936, 11, 321, 645, 23663, 570, 264, 4334, 307, 938, 12, 7039, 11, 370, 321, 645, 23663, 264, 8088, 51092], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1519151022939971, 'compression_ratio': 1.6890243902439024, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004764750134199858}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 31872, 'start': 333.28000000000003, 'end': 343.12, 'text': ' indicators, the non-numerical aspects. So once that we did the basic analysis, we found that it', 'tokens': [51092, 22176, 11, 264, 2107, 12, 77, 15583, 804, 7270, 13, 407, 1564, 300, 321, 630, 264, 3875, 5215, 11, 321, 1352, 300, 309, 51584], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1519151022939971, 'compression_ratio': 1.6890243902439024, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004764750134199858}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 34312, 'start': 343.12, 'end': 353.6, 'text': ' was useful to start building a varly map and try to dig into more deep information from the company.', 'tokens': [50364, 390, 4420, 281, 722, 2390, 257, 1374, 356, 4471, 293, 853, 281, 2528, 666, 544, 2452, 1589, 490, 264, 2237, 13, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10961773710430793, 'compression_ratio': 1.356164383561644, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020545922219753265}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 34312, 'start': 354.72, 'end': 364.4, 'text': ' This is the price chart of Autodesk, this is the ticket. Below, you can see some fears. I want to', 'tokens': [50944, 639, 307, 264, 3218, 6927, 295, 6049, 4789, 74, 11, 341, 307, 264, 10550, 13, 36261, 11, 291, 393, 536, 512, 15649, 13, 286, 528, 281, 51428], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10961773710430793, 'compression_ratio': 1.356164383561644, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020545922219753265}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 36440, 'start': 364.4, 'end': 375.35999999999996, 'text': ' analyze the period of time between 2015 and 2019. So I have hide all this information.', 'tokens': [50364, 12477, 264, 2896, 295, 565, 1296, 7546, 293, 6071, 13, 407, 286, 362, 6479, 439, 341, 1589, 13, 50912], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09549520909786224, 'compression_ratio': 1.5872093023255813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04719795659184456}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 36440, 'start': 376.32, 'end': 383.28, 'text': " The information related to the fundamentals, it's related to a series of fundamental data", 'tokens': [50960, 440, 1589, 4077, 281, 264, 29505, 11, 309, 311, 4077, 281, 257, 2638, 295, 8088, 1412, 51308], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09549520909786224, 'compression_ratio': 1.5872093023255813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04719795659184456}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 36440, 'start': 383.28, 'end': 390.71999999999997, 'text': " that I have built in TradingView. TradingView, it's a platform for trading and it enables you to", 'tokens': [51308, 300, 286, 362, 3094, 294, 49929, 30203, 13, 49929, 30203, 11, 309, 311, 257, 3663, 337, 9529, 293, 309, 17077, 291, 281, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09549520909786224, 'compression_ratio': 1.5872093023255813, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04719795659184456}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 39072, 'start': 390.72, 'end': 402.8, 'text': ' build your own scripts. So as I am a long-term investor, you will find thousands of scripts', 'tokens': [50364, 1322, 428, 1065, 23294, 13, 407, 382, 286, 669, 257, 938, 12, 7039, 18479, 11, 291, 486, 915, 5383, 295, 23294, 50968], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12976098396408725, 'compression_ratio': 1.532258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0056314184330403805}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 39072, 'start': 402.8, 'end': 409.84000000000003, 'text': ' related to a short-term period of trading. But I wanted to have fundamental analysis and be able', 'tokens': [50968, 4077, 281, 257, 2099, 12, 7039, 2896, 295, 9529, 13, 583, 286, 1415, 281, 362, 8088, 5215, 293, 312, 1075, 51320], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12976098396408725, 'compression_ratio': 1.532258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0056314184330403805}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 39072, 'start': 409.84000000000003, 'end': 418.16, 'text': ' to look through the time, through the years. So I publish, I built for myself and then I publish', 'tokens': [51320, 281, 574, 807, 264, 565, 11, 807, 264, 924, 13, 407, 286, 11374, 11, 286, 3094, 337, 2059, 293, 550, 286, 11374, 51736], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12976098396408725, 'compression_ratio': 1.532258064516129, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0056314184330403805}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 41816, 'start': 418.16, 'end': 424.96000000000004, 'text': ' what you can see here. So if you are interested, you can go take the code, use the code in TradingView', 'tokens': [50364, 437, 291, 393, 536, 510, 13, 407, 498, 291, 366, 3102, 11, 291, 393, 352, 747, 264, 3089, 11, 764, 264, 3089, 294, 49929, 30203, 50704], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10309711694717408, 'compression_ratio': 1.6440677966101696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0045897201634943485}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 41816, 'start': 424.96000000000004, 'end': 434.16, 'text': ' or take the code, download it and build on your own time script and change it, modify it, do', 'tokens': [50704, 420, 747, 264, 3089, 11, 5484, 309, 293, 1322, 322, 428, 1065, 565, 5755, 293, 1319, 309, 11, 16927, 309, 11, 360, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10309711694717408, 'compression_ratio': 1.6440677966101696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0045897201634943485}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 41816, 'start': 434.16, 'end': 443.36, 'text': ' whatever you want. So what do we see here? We see in purple, we have the revenue. So we can see', 'tokens': [51164, 2035, 291, 528, 13, 407, 437, 360, 321, 536, 510, 30, 492, 536, 294, 9656, 11, 321, 362, 264, 9324, 13, 407, 321, 393, 536, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10309711694717408, 'compression_ratio': 1.6440677966101696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0045897201634943485}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 44336, 'start': 444.0, 'end': 450.24, 'text': " then we have dark blue, operational expenditure. Rose prophet, it's in light blue.", 'tokens': [50396, 550, 321, 362, 2877, 3344, 11, 16607, 40377, 13, 12765, 18566, 11, 309, 311, 294, 1442, 3344, 13, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045510556962755, 'compression_ratio': 1.4432432432432432, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04798901453614235}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 44336, 'start': 452.0, 'end': 461.12, 'text': ' In orange, we have the EBITDA. The green line is the free cash flow. So we can see that we have a', 'tokens': [50796, 682, 7671, 11, 321, 362, 264, 50148, 3927, 7509, 13, 440, 3092, 1622, 307, 264, 1737, 6388, 3095, 13, 407, 321, 393, 536, 300, 321, 362, 257, 51252], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045510556962755, 'compression_ratio': 1.4432432432432432, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04798901453614235}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 44336, 'start': 462.24, 'end': 470.08000000000004, 'text': ' trend that goes up. But starting in 2015, something started to went not too much well.', 'tokens': [51308, 6028, 300, 1709, 493, 13, 583, 2891, 294, 7546, 11, 746, 1409, 281, 1437, 406, 886, 709, 731, 13, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19045510556962755, 'compression_ratio': 1.4432432432432432, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04798901453614235}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 47008, 'start': 470.88, 'end': 479.76, 'text': ' We can see then that the free cash flow started to become below zero, which is not good.', 'tokens': [50404, 492, 393, 536, 550, 300, 264, 1737, 6388, 3095, 1409, 281, 1813, 2507, 4018, 11, 597, 307, 406, 665, 13, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12721900682191592, 'compression_ratio': 1.4536082474226804, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005608091596513987}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 47008, 'start': 480.47999999999996, 'end': 489.59999999999997, 'text': " Okay, so something was happening to Autodesk. What? I don't know. Let's continue. The second tab of", 'tokens': [50884, 1033, 11, 370, 746, 390, 2737, 281, 6049, 4789, 74, 13, 708, 30, 286, 500, 380, 458, 13, 961, 311, 2354, 13, 440, 1150, 4421, 295, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12721900682191592, 'compression_ratio': 1.4536082474226804, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005608091596513987}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 47008, 'start': 489.59999999999997, 'end': 496.64, 'text': " this fundamental indicator, it's related to the total debt that you can see in red. They were", 'tokens': [51340, 341, 8088, 16961, 11, 309, 311, 4077, 281, 264, 3217, 7831, 300, 291, 393, 536, 294, 2182, 13, 814, 645, 51692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12721900682191592, 'compression_ratio': 1.4536082474226804, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005608091596513987}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 49664, 'start': 496.64, 'end': 505.03999999999996, 'text': ' increasing debt in 2015. Then we have in blue the total equity. Oh, this is going down. They were', 'tokens': [50364, 5662, 7831, 294, 7546, 13, 1396, 321, 362, 294, 3344, 264, 3217, 10769, 13, 876, 11, 341, 307, 516, 760, 13, 814, 645, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09169368620042677, 'compression_ratio': 1.494949494949495, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012572581879794598}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 49664, 'start': 505.03999999999996, 'end': 513.52, 'text': ' doing financial moves internally. So the CFO was having a lot of work during this year. And you can', 'tokens': [50784, 884, 4669, 6067, 19501, 13, 407, 264, 383, 18067, 390, 1419, 257, 688, 295, 589, 1830, 341, 1064, 13, 400, 291, 393, 51208], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09169368620042677, 'compression_ratio': 1.494949494949495, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012572581879794598}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 49664, 'start': 513.52, 'end': 522.0, 'text': ' see the third thing is the free cash flow. At the end of 2015, they were able to have more or less', 'tokens': [51208, 536, 264, 2636, 551, 307, 264, 1737, 6388, 3095, 13, 1711, 264, 917, 295, 7546, 11, 436, 645, 1075, 281, 362, 544, 420, 1570, 51632], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09169368620042677, 'compression_ratio': 1.494949494949495, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012572581879794598}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 52200, 'start': 522.64, 'end': 534.24, 'text': ' $24,000 million in cash flow. That was decreasing a lot. So in 2019, they were only having the half.', 'tokens': [50396, 1848, 7911, 11, 1360, 2459, 294, 6388, 3095, 13, 663, 390, 23223, 257, 688, 13, 407, 294, 6071, 11, 436, 645, 787, 1419, 264, 1922, 13, 50976], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11559786467716612, 'compression_ratio': 1.3355704697986577, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031633467879146338}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 52200, 'start': 536.08, 'end': 545.28, 'text': " That's a lot. They were burning a lot of money. Why? We don't know it. But something is happening.", 'tokens': [51068, 663, 311, 257, 688, 13, 814, 645, 9488, 257, 688, 295, 1460, 13, 1545, 30, 492, 500, 380, 458, 309, 13, 583, 746, 307, 2737, 13, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11559786467716612, 'compression_ratio': 1.3355704697986577, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0031633467879146338}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 54528, 'start': 545.36, 'end': 551.76, 'text': ' Then I came to the third tab of the fundamental indicator that I built. And then we have', 'tokens': [50368, 1396, 286, 1361, 281, 264, 2636, 4421, 295, 264, 8088, 16961, 300, 286, 3094, 13, 400, 550, 321, 362, 50688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2367131893451397, 'compression_ratio': 1.6033519553072626, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005800286307930946}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 54528, 'start': 551.76, 'end': 560.16, 'text': ' research and development, which was going up, which is good. For me, this is always important that the', 'tokens': [50688, 2132, 293, 3250, 11, 597, 390, 516, 493, 11, 597, 307, 665, 13, 1171, 385, 11, 341, 307, 1009, 1021, 300, 264, 51108], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2367131893451397, 'compression_ratio': 1.6033519553072626, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005800286307930946}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 54528, 'start': 560.16, 'end': 568.0, 'text': ' companies continue investing into research and development. And they were doing it, even though', 'tokens': [51108, 3431, 2354, 10978, 666, 2132, 293, 3250, 13, 400, 436, 645, 884, 309, 11, 754, 1673, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2367131893451397, 'compression_ratio': 1.6033519553072626, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005800286307930946}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 56800, 'start': 568.56, 'end': 577.28, 'text': ' even though the previous figures were negative, they continue adding more money on research', 'tokens': [50392, 754, 1673, 264, 3894, 9624, 645, 3671, 11, 436, 2354, 5127, 544, 1460, 322, 2132, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18451430580832742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5485714285714285, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019198748050257564}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 56800, 'start': 577.28, 'end': 585.28, 'text': " and development. So that's a good sign. Then we have the ROIC that was going down, the return of", 'tokens': [50828, 293, 3250, 13, 407, 300, 311, 257, 665, 1465, 13, 1396, 321, 362, 264, 9025, 2532, 300, 390, 516, 760, 11, 264, 2736, 295, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18451430580832742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5485714285714285, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019198748050257564}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 56800, 'start': 585.28, 'end': 594.4, 'text': ' assets in dark green that was going down. So not good. Then I was looking into the', 'tokens': [51228, 9769, 294, 2877, 3092, 300, 390, 516, 760, 13, 407, 406, 665, 13, 1396, 286, 390, 1237, 666, 264, 51684], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18451430580832742, 'compression_ratio': 1.5485714285714285, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0019198748050257564}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 59440, 'start': 594.48, 'end': 606.72, 'text': ' return of equity. You can see here in the second half of 2018 that they did some recognition of', 'tokens': [50368, 2736, 295, 10769, 13, 509, 393, 536, 510, 294, 264, 1150, 1922, 295, 6096, 300, 436, 630, 512, 11150, 295, 50980], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.182179104198109, 'compression_ratio': 1.3623188405797102, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006624297238886356}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 59440, 'start': 606.72, 'end': 618.0, 'text': ' something. And then the efficiency of the company to be able to generate profits were going,', 'tokens': [50980, 746, 13, 400, 550, 264, 10493, 295, 264, 2237, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 8460, 17982, 645, 516, 11, 51544], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.182179104198109, 'compression_ratio': 1.3623188405797102, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006624297238886356}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 61800, 'start': 618.08, 'end': 627.04, 'text': ' not from negative, but from minus two points to minus 10 points, which is a lot. This is in terms', 'tokens': [50368, 406, 490, 3671, 11, 457, 490, 3175, 732, 2793, 281, 3175, 1266, 2793, 11, 597, 307, 257, 688, 13, 639, 307, 294, 2115, 50816], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10516841347153122, 'compression_ratio': 1.5212765957446808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01111642736941576}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 61800, 'start': 627.04, 'end': 636.08, 'text': " of percentage. So minus 10, it's like so much bad. So something is happening here. So this was the", 'tokens': [50816, 295, 9668, 13, 407, 3175, 1266, 11, 309, 311, 411, 370, 709, 1578, 13, 407, 746, 307, 2737, 510, 13, 407, 341, 390, 264, 51268], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10516841347153122, 'compression_ratio': 1.5212765957446808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01111642736941576}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 61800, 'start': 636.08, 'end': 643.84, 'text': ' first look I did to the company using these indicators. Then what I used to do to analyze', 'tokens': [51268, 700, 574, 286, 630, 281, 264, 2237, 1228, 613, 22176, 13, 1396, 437, 286, 1143, 281, 360, 281, 12477, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10516841347153122, 'compression_ratio': 1.5212765957446808, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01111642736941576}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 64384, 'start': 643.84, 'end': 651.76, 'text': ' the company is I go to the web page and I look to the formal forms. You can go to the sec and', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 2237, 307, 286, 352, 281, 264, 3670, 3028, 293, 286, 574, 281, 264, 9860, 6422, 13, 509, 393, 352, 281, 264, 907, 293, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10082517911310065, 'compression_ratio': 1.6264367816091954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018514318391680717}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 64384, 'start': 651.76, 'end': 658.88, 'text': " it's supposed that they publish the same forms, but it's quite easy to go to the company investor", 'tokens': [50760, 309, 311, 3442, 300, 436, 11374, 264, 912, 6422, 11, 457, 309, 311, 1596, 1858, 281, 352, 281, 264, 2237, 18479, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10082517911310065, 'compression_ratio': 1.6264367816091954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018514318391680717}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 64384, 'start': 658.88, 'end': 664.96, 'text': ' relationship side and then you can get all the information. So what I did, it was to review', 'tokens': [51116, 2480, 1252, 293, 550, 291, 393, 483, 439, 264, 1589, 13, 407, 437, 286, 630, 11, 309, 390, 281, 3131, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10082517911310065, 'compression_ratio': 1.6264367816091954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018514318391680717}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 66496, 'start': 664.96, 'end': 672.5600000000001, 'text': ' the information between 2015 and 2019. And I was looking at the annual feelings', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 1589, 1296, 7546, 293, 6071, 13, 400, 286, 390, 1237, 412, 264, 9784, 6640, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1416049079289512, 'compression_ratio': 1.459016393442623, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025654202327132225}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 66496, 'start': 673.36, 'end': 680.64, 'text': ' and tried to understand what was happening in this period of three years. So what I first', 'tokens': [50784, 293, 3031, 281, 1223, 437, 390, 2737, 294, 341, 2896, 295, 1045, 924, 13, 407, 437, 286, 700, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1416049079289512, 'compression_ratio': 1.459016393442623, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025654202327132225}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 66496, 'start': 681.2, 'end': 689.2, 'text': ' found is that the company is divided in these five segments. We can see that this AutoCAD was the', 'tokens': [51176, 1352, 307, 300, 264, 2237, 307, 6666, 294, 613, 1732, 19904, 13, 492, 393, 536, 300, 341, 13738, 34, 6112, 390, 264, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1416049079289512, 'compression_ratio': 1.459016393442623, 'no_speech_prob': 0.025654202327132225}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 68920, 'start': 689.2, 'end': 697.84, 'text': " origin of the company. It was the first major product that they had. It's something that they", 'tokens': [50364, 4957, 295, 264, 2237, 13, 467, 390, 264, 700, 2563, 1674, 300, 436, 632, 13, 467, 311, 746, 300, 436, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1174615130704992, 'compression_ratio': 1.5810055865921788, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018635423853993416}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 68920, 'start': 697.84, 'end': 707.9200000000001, 'text': ' keep very stable. And in terms of revenue, they have been able to keep the continue increasing', 'tokens': [50796, 1066, 588, 8351, 13, 400, 294, 2115, 295, 9324, 11, 436, 362, 668, 1075, 281, 1066, 264, 2354, 5662, 51300], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1174615130704992, 'compression_ratio': 1.5810055865921788, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018635423853993416}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 68920, 'start': 707.9200000000001, 'end': 716.08, 'text': ' the consumption of all the activities. We can see that they were having this, how is it named,', 'tokens': [51300, 264, 12126, 295, 439, 264, 5354, 13, 492, 393, 536, 300, 436, 645, 1419, 341, 11, 577, 307, 309, 4926, 11, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1174615130704992, 'compression_ratio': 1.5810055865921788, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018635423853993416}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 71608, 'start': 716.08, 'end': 724.24, 'text': ' the manufacturing, they have manufacturing products, they have media and entertainment', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 11096, 11, 436, 362, 11096, 3383, 11, 436, 362, 3021, 293, 12393, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12447779973347982, 'compression_ratio': 1.7421383647798743, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005597593728452921}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 71608, 'start': 724.24, 'end': 732.08, 'text': " products. They mainly work for Disney and they have these architecture structures that it's the", 'tokens': [50772, 3383, 13, 814, 8704, 589, 337, 8653, 293, 436, 362, 613, 9482, 9227, 300, 309, 311, 264, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12447779973347982, 'compression_ratio': 1.7421383647798743, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005597593728452921}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 71608, 'start': 732.08, 'end': 738.4000000000001, 'text': ' main one. Other thing that you can figure out that you can find is that each one of the units,', 'tokens': [51164, 2135, 472, 13, 5358, 551, 300, 291, 393, 2573, 484, 300, 291, 393, 915, 307, 300, 1184, 472, 295, 264, 6815, 11, 51480], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12447779973347982, 'compression_ratio': 1.7421383647798743, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005597593728452921}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 73840, 'start': 739.36, 'end': 747.6, 'text': ' they have their own headquarters. And this is something important because this gives the company', 'tokens': [50412, 436, 362, 641, 1065, 21052, 13, 400, 341, 307, 746, 1021, 570, 341, 2709, 264, 2237, 50824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12287139110877866, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023780496791005135}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 73840, 'start': 748.56, 'end': 758.16, 'text': ' and the units, they have the independence to make their own decisions, to work on their own', 'tokens': [50872, 293, 264, 6815, 11, 436, 362, 264, 14640, 281, 652, 641, 1065, 5327, 11, 281, 589, 322, 641, 1065, 51352], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12287139110877866, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023780496791005135}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 73840, 'start': 758.16, 'end': 766.56, 'text': ' futures. They come from different cultures and they are respecting it. So this is something that', 'tokens': [51352, 26071, 13, 814, 808, 490, 819, 12951, 293, 436, 366, 41968, 309, 13, 407, 341, 307, 746, 300, 51772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12287139110877866, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.023780496791005135}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 76656, 'start': 766.64, 'end': 776.4799999999999, 'text': ' also gives some information to us. Then I was looking into these SEC files and I was looking', 'tokens': [50368, 611, 2709, 512, 1589, 281, 505, 13, 1396, 286, 390, 1237, 666, 613, 22399, 7098, 293, 286, 390, 1237, 50860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12271525894386182, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067415730337078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009420438669621944}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 76656, 'start': 776.4799999999999, 'end': 785.5999999999999, 'text': ' into the context of where Autodesk was competing in 2016, how they are competing today. So I did', 'tokens': [50860, 666, 264, 4319, 295, 689, 6049, 4789, 74, 390, 15439, 294, 6549, 11, 577, 436, 366, 15439, 965, 13, 407, 286, 630, 51316], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12271525894386182, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067415730337078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009420438669621944}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 76656, 'start': 785.5999999999999, 'end': 792.88, 'text': ' that at least of the competitors that they are mentioning in their files. So this, we could have', 'tokens': [51316, 300, 412, 1935, 295, 264, 18333, 300, 436, 366, 18315, 294, 641, 7098, 13, 407, 341, 11, 321, 727, 362, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12271525894386182, 'compression_ratio': 1.6067415730337078, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009420438669621944}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 79288, 'start': 792.88, 'end': 800.16, 'text': ' the bias of saying, okay, they are only mentioning a set of competitors and not of all of them. But', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 12577, 295, 1566, 11, 1392, 11, 436, 366, 787, 18315, 257, 992, 295, 18333, 293, 406, 295, 439, 295, 552, 13, 583, 50728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300498597762164, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01859275810420513}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 79288, 'start': 800.16, 'end': 810.8, 'text': " I think they have a really complete list of competitors and I'm used to read these type of", 'tokens': [50728, 286, 519, 436, 362, 257, 534, 3566, 1329, 295, 18333, 293, 286, 478, 1143, 281, 1401, 613, 2010, 295, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300498597762164, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01859275810420513}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 79288, 'start': 810.8, 'end': 818.96, 'text': ' files and they are, I would say, very generous commenting about what are the competitors they', 'tokens': [51260, 7098, 293, 436, 366, 11, 286, 576, 584, 11, 588, 14537, 29590, 466, 437, 366, 264, 18333, 436, 51668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11300498597762164, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01859275810420513}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 818.96, 'end': 827.52, 'text': " are looking for. So I have left some spaces. So for instance, this ANSI incorporated. Now it's", 'tokens': [50364, 366, 1237, 337, 13, 407, 286, 362, 1411, 512, 7673, 13, 407, 337, 5197, 11, 341, 5252, 20262, 21654, 13, 823, 309, 311, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10990718742469688, 'compression_ratio': 1.540983606557377, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021110491827130318}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 828.24, 'end': 835.0400000000001, 'text': " blank because, well, it's not there anymore. It doesn't mean that ANSI, it doesn't exist, but", 'tokens': [50828, 8247, 570, 11, 731, 11, 309, 311, 406, 456, 3602, 13, 467, 1177, 380, 914, 300, 5252, 20262, 11, 309, 1177, 380, 2514, 11, 457, 51168], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10990718742469688, 'compression_ratio': 1.540983606557377, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021110491827130318}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 81896, 'start': 835.0400000000001, 'end': 842.72, 'text': " they are not considering that as a competitor anymore. So that's it. And we can see that they", 'tokens': [51168, 436, 366, 406, 8079, 300, 382, 257, 27266, 3602, 13, 407, 300, 311, 309, 13, 400, 321, 393, 536, 300, 436, 51552], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10990718742469688, 'compression_ratio': 1.540983606557377, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021110491827130318}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 84272, 'start': 842.72, 'end': 851.84, 'text': ' have two new competitors. What I have seen is that the major competitors are the SALT systems,', 'tokens': [50364, 362, 732, 777, 18333, 13, 708, 286, 362, 1612, 307, 300, 264, 2563, 18333, 366, 264, 40713, 51, 3652, 11, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21502256393432617, 'compression_ratio': 1.2925170068027212, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02013443037867546}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 84272, 'start': 852.4, 'end': 866.8000000000001, 'text': ' SOLIDWORKS, Adobe, and Siemens PLM for manufacturing, PTC2. Okay, so these were the major ones.', 'tokens': [50848, 36011, 2777, 48126, 31558, 11, 24862, 11, 293, 3559, 45743, 6999, 44, 337, 11096, 11, 430, 18238, 17, 13, 1033, 11, 370, 613, 645, 264, 2563, 2306, 13, 51568], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21502256393432617, 'compression_ratio': 1.2925170068027212, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02013443037867546}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 86680, 'start': 867.68, 'end': 877.8399999999999, 'text': " I don't know if we have any questions. No questions. So I will continue. Then I was reviewing,", 'tokens': [50408, 286, 500, 380, 458, 498, 321, 362, 604, 1651, 13, 883, 1651, 13, 407, 286, 486, 2354, 13, 1396, 286, 390, 19576, 11, 50916], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21496680011487987, 'compression_ratio': 1.7337278106508875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018604271113872528}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 86680, 'start': 878.56, 'end': 885.76, 'text': ' okay, what are the major or the list of acquisitions that they have been doing? What are the activities', 'tokens': [50952, 1392, 11, 437, 366, 264, 2563, 420, 264, 1329, 295, 17883, 2451, 300, 436, 362, 668, 884, 30, 708, 366, 264, 5354, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21496680011487987, 'compression_ratio': 1.7337278106508875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018604271113872528}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 86680, 'start': 885.76, 'end': 893.68, 'text': ' that they have been trying to acquire? And that how, what are the type of activities that they', 'tokens': [51312, 300, 436, 362, 668, 1382, 281, 20001, 30, 400, 300, 577, 11, 437, 366, 264, 2010, 295, 5354, 300, 436, 51708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21496680011487987, 'compression_ratio': 1.7337278106508875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018604271113872528}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 89368, 'start': 894.64, 'end': 901.5999999999999, 'text': ' are trying to put their money in? So looking for the capital flows and trying to understand', 'tokens': [50412, 366, 1382, 281, 829, 641, 1460, 294, 30, 407, 1237, 337, 264, 4238, 12867, 293, 1382, 281, 1223, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27969658542686787, 'compression_ratio': 1.404040404040404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014200594276189804}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 89368, 'start': 902.2399999999999, 'end': 909.04, 'text': ' in which area they are investing the most. Okay, so first of all, we can see in 2015,', 'tokens': [50792, 294, 597, 1859, 436, 366, 10978, 264, 881, 13, 1033, 11, 370, 700, 295, 439, 11, 321, 393, 536, 294, 7546, 11, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27969658542686787, 'compression_ratio': 1.404040404040404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014200594276189804}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 89368, 'start': 909.04, 'end': 918.7199999999999, 'text': ' Sieg Control and Internet of the Things company, then SOLIDANGLE. So this is for rendering software,', 'tokens': [51132, 3559, 70, 12912, 293, 7703, 295, 264, 9514, 2237, 11, 550, 36011, 2777, 12419, 2634, 13, 407, 341, 307, 337, 22407, 4722, 11, 51616], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.27969658542686787, 'compression_ratio': 1.404040404040404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014200594276189804}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 91872, 'start': 919.6800000000001, 'end': 928.72, 'text': " CADsoft, it's designing for buildings. Then we have Plangrid Construction Productivity,", 'tokens': [50412, 41143, 13908, 11, 309, 311, 14685, 337, 7446, 13, 1396, 321, 362, 2149, 656, 8558, 40017, 22005, 4253, 11, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2655268805367606, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027932960893855, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015290319919586182}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 91872, 'start': 928.72, 'end': 937.0400000000001, 'text': " so the business unit of AEC. It's the main one that is benefiting. It's taking the benefits", 'tokens': [50864, 370, 264, 1606, 4985, 295, 316, 8140, 13, 467, 311, 264, 2135, 472, 300, 307, 47515, 13, 467, 311, 1940, 264, 5311, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2655268805367606, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027932960893855, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015290319919586182}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 91872, 'start': 937.0400000000001, 'end': 943.84, 'text': ' of the acquisitions. Then we have again, an online construction workforce, Big Yit Bench.', 'tokens': [51280, 295, 264, 17883, 2451, 13, 1396, 321, 362, 797, 11, 364, 2950, 6435, 14201, 11, 5429, 398, 270, 3964, 339, 13, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2655268805367606, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027932960893855, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015290319919586182}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 94384, 'start': 944.72, 'end': 952.24, 'text': " And then we have INVICE, that it's a smart water infrastructure modeling, which also", 'tokens': [50408, 400, 550, 321, 362, 6892, 53, 13663, 11, 300, 309, 311, 257, 4069, 1281, 6896, 15983, 11, 597, 611, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16814783215522766, 'compression_ratio': 1.4245810055865922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004930626135319471}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 94384, 'start': 953.12, 'end': 961.12, 'text': ' benefit to the AEC business unit. So mainly all the acquisitions that they are doing', 'tokens': [50828, 5121, 281, 264, 316, 8140, 1606, 4985, 13, 407, 8704, 439, 264, 17883, 2451, 300, 436, 366, 884, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16814783215522766, 'compression_ratio': 1.4245810055865922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004930626135319471}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 94384, 'start': 961.12, 'end': 969.6800000000001, 'text': ' are basically or for the horizontal activities that the autodesk is doing or for AEC.', 'tokens': [51228, 366, 1936, 420, 337, 264, 12750, 5354, 300, 264, 1476, 4789, 74, 307, 884, 420, 337, 316, 8140, 13, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16814783215522766, 'compression_ratio': 1.4245810055865922, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004930626135319471}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 96968, 'start': 970.64, 'end': 981.4399999999999, 'text': ' Then I started to review some non-financial data on the 10K documents. And then my mind came into', 'tokens': [50412, 1396, 286, 1409, 281, 3131, 512, 2107, 12, 5194, 22716, 1412, 322, 264, 1266, 42, 8512, 13, 400, 550, 452, 1575, 1361, 666, 50952], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21339438358942667, 'compression_ratio': 1.3571428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004336211830377579}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 96968, 'start': 981.4399999999999, 'end': 994.88, 'text': ' something that it was one big problem. And it was the fact that they were mentioning in 2015', 'tokens': [50952, 746, 300, 309, 390, 472, 955, 1154, 13, 400, 309, 390, 264, 1186, 300, 436, 645, 18315, 294, 7546, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21339438358942667, 'compression_ratio': 1.3571428571428572, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004336211830377579}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 99488, 'start': 995.84, 'end': 1004.16, 'text': ' the need to move from license to software as a service. I was reading that and I said,', 'tokens': [50412, 264, 643, 281, 1286, 490, 10476, 281, 4722, 382, 257, 2643, 13, 286, 390, 3760, 300, 293, 286, 848, 11, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16678123474121093, 'compression_ratio': 1.6547619047619047, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012583645060658455}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 99488, 'start': 1004.16, 'end': 1014.72, 'text': " well, what's this? So as this is a post-mortem analysis, I wanted to mention this no choice", 'tokens': [50828, 731, 11, 437, 311, 341, 30, 407, 382, 341, 307, 257, 2183, 12, 76, 477, 443, 5215, 11, 286, 1415, 281, 2152, 341, 572, 3922, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16678123474121093, 'compression_ratio': 1.6547619047619047, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012583645060658455}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 99488, 'start': 1014.72, 'end': 1023.12, 'text': " of over evolution, but it's a climatic pattern. So they moved from license to software as a service", 'tokens': [51356, 295, 670, 9303, 11, 457, 309, 311, 257, 5644, 2399, 5102, 13, 407, 436, 4259, 490, 10476, 281, 4722, 382, 257, 2643, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16678123474121093, 'compression_ratio': 1.6547619047619047, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012583645060658455}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 102312, 'start': 1023.76, 'end': 1032.08, 'text': ' in the generic IT, if we talk about servers, computing, storage, this was something that', 'tokens': [50396, 294, 264, 19577, 6783, 11, 498, 321, 751, 466, 15909, 11, 15866, 11, 6725, 11, 341, 390, 746, 300, 50812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09722785516218706, 'compression_ratio': 1.4972677595628416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002784566255286336}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 102312, 'start': 1032.08, 'end': 1042.72, 'text': ' was happening between 2009, 2012, or 2009, 2015. So many companies started to consume', 'tokens': [50812, 390, 2737, 1296, 11453, 11, 9125, 11, 420, 11453, 11, 7546, 13, 407, 867, 3431, 1409, 281, 14732, 51344], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09722785516218706, 'compression_ratio': 1.4972677595628416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002784566255286336}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 102312, 'start': 1042.72, 'end': 1050.64, 'text': ' this type of services, not from their data centers, but they started to consume in a different way.', 'tokens': [51344, 341, 2010, 295, 3328, 11, 406, 490, 641, 1412, 10898, 11, 457, 436, 1409, 281, 14732, 294, 257, 819, 636, 13, 51740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09722785516218706, 'compression_ratio': 1.4972677595628416, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002784566255286336}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 105064, 'start': 1051.44, 'end': 1062.64, 'text': ' And then they aggressively moved to the cloud. So what happens and what this', 'tokens': [50404, 400, 550, 436, 32024, 4259, 281, 264, 4588, 13, 407, 437, 2314, 293, 437, 341, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11832828845007945, 'compression_ratio': 1.655844155844156, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002859635278582573}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 105064, 'start': 1062.64, 'end': 1069.1200000000001, 'text': ' climatic pattern tried to represent is that there are early adopters, people that they are', 'tokens': [50964, 5644, 2399, 5102, 3031, 281, 2906, 307, 300, 456, 366, 2440, 22486, 1559, 11, 561, 300, 436, 366, 51288], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11832828845007945, 'compression_ratio': 1.655844155844156, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002859635278582573}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 105064, 'start': 1069.1200000000001, 'end': 1078.0, 'text': ' innovating early adopters, early majority, and late majority. Then what happens is that', 'tokens': [51288, 5083, 990, 2440, 22486, 1559, 11, 2440, 6286, 11, 293, 3469, 6286, 13, 1396, 437, 2314, 307, 300, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11832828845007945, 'compression_ratio': 1.655844155844156, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002859635278582573}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 107800, 'start': 1078.0, 'end': 1085.28, 'text': ' when the late majority is moving there, it means that if you are competing in that market and the', 'tokens': [50364, 562, 264, 3469, 6286, 307, 2684, 456, 11, 309, 1355, 300, 498, 291, 366, 15439, 294, 300, 2142, 293, 264, 50728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10468300529148268, 'compression_ratio': 1.6627218934911243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0029525412246584892}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 107800, 'start': 1086.64, 'end': 1093.68, 'text': ' consumers are moving to that new model, it means that if you have not done anything,', 'tokens': [50796, 11883, 366, 2684, 281, 300, 777, 2316, 11, 309, 1355, 300, 498, 291, 362, 406, 1096, 1340, 11, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10468300529148268, 'compression_ratio': 1.6627218934911243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0029525412246584892}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 107800, 'start': 1093.68, 'end': 1104.72, 'text': ' then you are very late. So what I was reading in the documents were that Autodesk was a little bit', 'tokens': [51148, 550, 291, 366, 588, 3469, 13, 407, 437, 286, 390, 3760, 294, 264, 8512, 645, 300, 6049, 4789, 74, 390, 257, 707, 857, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10468300529148268, 'compression_ratio': 1.6627218934911243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0029525412246584892}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 110472, 'start': 1104.72, 'end': 1111.76, 'text': ' late. So if they were mentioning they were a little bit late, it means they were so much late.', 'tokens': [50364, 3469, 13, 407, 498, 436, 645, 18315, 436, 645, 257, 707, 857, 3469, 11, 309, 1355, 436, 645, 370, 709, 3469, 13, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16342074629189313, 'compression_ratio': 1.5402298850574712, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010424123145639896}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 110472, 'start': 1112.8, 'end': 1123.04, 'text': ' Okay, so important thing is what I have read is that they were in 2015 with a high pressure', 'tokens': [50768, 1033, 11, 370, 1021, 551, 307, 437, 286, 362, 1401, 307, 300, 436, 645, 294, 7546, 365, 257, 1090, 3321, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16342074629189313, 'compression_ratio': 1.5402298850574712, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010424123145639896}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 110472, 'start': 1123.76, 'end': 1133.3600000000001, 'text': ' to make changes in the way that they were selling the products. Not only Autocad,', 'tokens': [51316, 281, 652, 2962, 294, 264, 636, 300, 436, 645, 6511, 264, 3383, 13, 1726, 787, 6049, 905, 345, 11, 51796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16342074629189313, 'compression_ratio': 1.5402298850574712, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010424123145639896}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 113336, 'start': 1133.4399999999998, 'end': 1139.9199999999998, 'text': ' but the whole pack of products that they were having in their product life.', 'tokens': [50368, 457, 264, 1379, 2844, 295, 3383, 300, 436, 645, 1419, 294, 641, 1674, 993, 13, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0924287275834517, 'compression_ratio': 1.4470588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008039005100727081}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 113336, 'start': 1142.08, 'end': 1152.24, 'text': ' Then I was looking into information in the fiscal year 2016. They started to', 'tokens': [50800, 1396, 286, 390, 1237, 666, 1589, 294, 264, 15897, 1064, 6549, 13, 814, 1409, 281, 51308], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0924287275834517, 'compression_ratio': 1.4470588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008039005100727081}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 113336, 'start': 1152.24, 'end': 1160.0, 'text': ' measure the number of subscriptions. So what happened was that that year they changed the CEO', 'tokens': [51308, 3481, 264, 1230, 295, 44951, 13, 407, 437, 2011, 390, 300, 300, 1064, 436, 3105, 264, 9282, 51696], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0924287275834517, 'compression_ratio': 1.4470588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008039005100727081}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 116000, 'start': 1160.16, 'end': 1170.64, 'text': ' and the new CEO came with a complete, with a clear approach and with a clear way to go.', 'tokens': [50372, 293, 264, 777, 9282, 1361, 365, 257, 3566, 11, 365, 257, 1850, 3109, 293, 365, 257, 1850, 636, 281, 352, 13, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18965213856798538, 'compression_ratio': 1.3968253968253967, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009376518428325653}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 116000, 'start': 1171.68, 'end': 1183.92, 'text': ' And it was that, well guys, we need to go to subscription model and change the whole way', 'tokens': [50948, 400, 309, 390, 300, 11, 731, 1074, 11, 321, 643, 281, 352, 281, 17231, 2316, 293, 1319, 264, 1379, 636, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18965213856798538, 'compression_ratio': 1.3968253968253967, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009376518428325653}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 118392, 'start': 1183.92, 'end': 1194.64, 'text': ' that we are selling our products from licenses to subscription. So this is our new direction and', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 321, 366, 6511, 527, 3383, 490, 32821, 281, 17231, 13, 407, 341, 307, 527, 777, 3513, 293, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10446433287400465, 'compression_ratio': 1.5706214689265536, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02049025520682335}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 118392, 'start': 1194.64, 'end': 1206.4, 'text': " I'm here to go for it. So they were adding different, the number of subscriptions during", 'tokens': [50900, 286, 478, 510, 281, 352, 337, 309, 13, 407, 436, 645, 5127, 819, 11, 264, 1230, 295, 44951, 1830, 51488], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10446433287400465, 'compression_ratio': 1.5706214689265536, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02049025520682335}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 118392, 'start': 1206.4, 'end': 1212.24, 'text': ' four fiscal years that this is the information that you can see in this table. So they have,', 'tokens': [51488, 1451, 15897, 924, 300, 341, 307, 264, 1589, 300, 291, 393, 536, 294, 341, 3199, 13, 407, 436, 362, 11, 51780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10446433287400465, 'compression_ratio': 1.5706214689265536, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02049025520682335}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 121224, 'start': 1212.24, 'end': 1219.1200000000001, 'text': ' you can see that the maintenance model that it was composed by, you buy a license and then you buy', 'tokens': [50364, 291, 393, 536, 300, 264, 11258, 2316, 300, 309, 390, 18204, 538, 11, 291, 2256, 257, 10476, 293, 550, 291, 2256, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1178014206163811, 'compression_ratio': 1.6379310344827587, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008120229467749596}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 121224, 'start': 1219.68, 'end': 1231.2, 'text': ' a maintenance contract that it covers whatever years. So they were going from 2151,000 maintenance', 'tokens': [50736, 257, 11258, 4364, 300, 309, 10538, 2035, 924, 13, 407, 436, 645, 516, 490, 5080, 18682, 11, 1360, 11258, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1178014206163811, 'compression_ratio': 1.6379310344827587, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008120229467749596}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 121224, 'start': 1231.2, 'end': 1241.92, 'text': ' contracts and they were decreasing that till 2019 to 796,000. And then the subscription', 'tokens': [51312, 13952, 293, 436, 645, 23223, 300, 4288, 6071, 281, 1614, 22962, 11, 1360, 13, 400, 550, 264, 17231, 51848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1178014206163811, 'compression_ratio': 1.6379310344827587, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008120229467749596}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 124192, 'start': 1241.92, 'end': 1263.28, 'text': ' model came from 427,000 to 3,533,000 subscriptions. So what they did, it was really, really radical.', 'tokens': [50364, 2316, 1361, 490, 1017, 10076, 11, 1360, 281, 805, 11, 20, 10191, 11, 1360, 44951, 13, 407, 437, 436, 630, 11, 309, 390, 534, 11, 534, 12001, 13, 51432], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11156152933835983, 'compression_ratio': 1.1111111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006707226391881704}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 126328, 'start': 1263.28, 'end': 1272.3999999999999, 'text': ' They changed the whole way to sell their products from one model to other and they did it in four', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 3105, 264, 1379, 636, 281, 3607, 641, 3383, 490, 472, 2316, 281, 661, 293, 436, 630, 309, 294, 1451, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11594968767308478, 'compression_ratio': 1.5932203389830508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19339901208877563}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 126328, 'start': 1272.3999999999999, 'end': 1279.76, 'text': ' years. The amount of activities that they were handling at the end of the fiscal year 19, that', 'tokens': [50820, 924, 13, 440, 2372, 295, 5354, 300, 436, 645, 13175, 412, 264, 917, 295, 264, 15897, 1064, 1294, 11, 300, 51188], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11594968767308478, 'compression_ratio': 1.5932203389830508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19339901208877563}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 126328, 'start': 1279.76, 'end': 1290.24, 'text': " it's 2020, they dramatically changed the way that they were doing that. I was reading the", 'tokens': [51188, 309, 311, 4808, 11, 436, 17548, 3105, 264, 636, 300, 436, 645, 884, 300, 13, 286, 390, 3760, 264, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11594968767308478, 'compression_ratio': 1.5932203389830508, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19339901208877563}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 129024, 'start': 1290.24, 'end': 1296.08, 'text': ' different details and I was reading different things that they were happening. So I will go in', 'tokens': [50364, 819, 4365, 293, 286, 390, 3760, 819, 721, 300, 436, 645, 2737, 13, 407, 286, 486, 352, 294, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14625840791514222, 'compression_ratio': 1.6432748538011697, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013736342079937458}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 129024, 'start': 1296.08, 'end': 1306.24, 'text': ' detail about what were the main hurdles that they were having. So if I started to do a map,', 'tokens': [50656, 2607, 466, 437, 645, 264, 2135, 48387, 300, 436, 645, 1419, 13, 407, 498, 286, 1409, 281, 360, 257, 4471, 11, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14625840791514222, 'compression_ratio': 1.6432748538011697, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013736342079937458}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 129024, 'start': 1307.84, 'end': 1316.48, 'text': ' the basic map, it was that well, the autodesk started in 1982 with AutoCAD, they were evolving', 'tokens': [51244, 264, 3875, 4471, 11, 309, 390, 300, 731, 11, 264, 1476, 4789, 74, 1409, 294, 31352, 365, 13738, 34, 6112, 11, 436, 645, 21085, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14625840791514222, 'compression_ratio': 1.6432748538011697, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013736342079937458}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 131648, 'start': 1316.48, 'end': 1324.0, 'text': ' the product, they continue having AutoCAD as a strong business unit, then they started with', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 1674, 11, 436, 2354, 1419, 13738, 34, 6112, 382, 257, 2068, 1606, 4985, 11, 550, 436, 1409, 365, 50740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11370443743328716, 'compression_ratio': 1.7096774193548387, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027853915467858315}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 131648, 'start': 1324.0, 'end': 1331.2, 'text': " this media and entertainment business unit. They have this one that it's one of the oldest one", 'tokens': [50740, 341, 3021, 293, 12393, 1606, 4985, 13, 814, 362, 341, 472, 300, 309, 311, 472, 295, 264, 14026, 472, 51100], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11370443743328716, 'compression_ratio': 1.7096774193548387, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027853915467858315}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 131648, 'start': 1331.2, 'end': 1337.6, 'text': ' and as we have seen before, this unit, the architecture, engineering and construction', 'tokens': [51100, 293, 382, 321, 362, 1612, 949, 11, 341, 4985, 11, 264, 9482, 11, 7043, 293, 6435, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11370443743328716, 'compression_ratio': 1.7096774193548387, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027853915467858315}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 131648, 'start': 1337.6, 'end': 1345.52, 'text': ' is the one that they are receiving the big amount of money that Autodesk is investing. So they are', 'tokens': [51420, 307, 264, 472, 300, 436, 366, 10040, 264, 955, 2372, 295, 1460, 300, 6049, 4789, 74, 307, 10978, 13, 407, 436, 366, 51816], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11370443743328716, 'compression_ratio': 1.7096774193548387, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027853915467858315}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 134552, 'start': 1345.68, 'end': 1351.44, 'text': ' acquiring a lot of companies. My understanding is that in terms of research and development,', 'tokens': [50372, 37374, 257, 688, 295, 3431, 13, 1222, 3701, 307, 300, 294, 2115, 295, 2132, 293, 3250, 11, 50660], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10130548477172852, 'compression_ratio': 1.5469613259668509, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005209192167967558}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 134552, 'start': 1351.44, 'end': 1357.2, 'text': ' they are putting a lot of capital over there. Then we have the manufacturing one, they were', 'tokens': [50660, 436, 366, 3372, 257, 688, 295, 4238, 670, 456, 13, 1396, 321, 362, 264, 11096, 472, 11, 436, 645, 50948], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10130548477172852, 'compression_ratio': 1.5469613259668509, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005209192167967558}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 134552, 'start': 1357.2, 'end': 1367.68, 'text': ' having the genetic engineering unit, which was closed in 2017. So they were working on a set of', 'tokens': [50948, 1419, 264, 12462, 7043, 4985, 11, 597, 390, 5395, 294, 6591, 13, 407, 436, 645, 1364, 322, 257, 992, 295, 51472], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10130548477172852, 'compression_ratio': 1.5469613259668509, 'no_speech_prob': 0.005209192167967558}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 136768, 'start': 1368.24, 'end': 1377.8400000000001, 'text': ' software products to visualize genetic results. They completely closed the unit to save money.', 'tokens': [50392, 4722, 3383, 281, 23273, 12462, 3542, 13, 814, 2584, 5395, 264, 4985, 281, 3155, 1460, 13, 50872], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11156643004644484, 'compression_ratio': 1.5141242937853108, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03205450624227524}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 136768, 'start': 1377.8400000000001, 'end': 1384.3200000000002, 'text': ' So they were doing a bet here and they were, well, we financially are not doing well,', 'tokens': [50872, 407, 436, 645, 884, 257, 778, 510, 293, 436, 645, 11, 731, 11, 321, 20469, 366, 406, 884, 731, 11, 51196], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11156643004644484, 'compression_ratio': 1.5141242937853108, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03205450624227524}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 136768, 'start': 1385.04, 'end': 1391.2, 'text': ' we need to focus. So the focus was architecture, engineering and construction, AutoCAD.', 'tokens': [51232, 321, 643, 281, 1879, 13, 407, 264, 1879, 390, 9482, 11, 7043, 293, 6435, 11, 13738, 34, 6112, 13, 51540], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11156643004644484, 'compression_ratio': 1.5141242937853108, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03205450624227524}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 139120, 'start': 1391.92, 'end': 1401.3600000000001, 'text': " So that's in terms of the components of business units. But what I was reading, it was that they", 'tokens': [50400, 407, 300, 311, 294, 2115, 295, 264, 6677, 295, 1606, 6815, 13, 583, 437, 286, 390, 3760, 11, 309, 390, 300, 436, 50872], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1567347240447998, 'compression_ratio': 1.4586466165413534, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03161420673131943}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 139120, 'start': 1402.4, 'end': 1414.32, 'text': " don't only change. In these four years, they only don't change the way that they were selling the", 'tokens': [50924, 500, 380, 787, 1319, 13, 682, 613, 1451, 924, 11, 436, 787, 500, 380, 1319, 264, 636, 300, 436, 645, 6511, 264, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1567347240447998, 'compression_ratio': 1.4586466165413534, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03161420673131943}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 141432, 'start': 1414.32, 'end': 1426.32, 'text': ' products, but they were adding a lot of offering to the users. So how Autodesk started and how', 'tokens': [50364, 3383, 11, 457, 436, 645, 5127, 257, 688, 295, 8745, 281, 264, 5022, 13, 407, 577, 6049, 4789, 74, 1409, 293, 577, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05326442614845608, 'compression_ratio': 1.3984962406015038, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07041817158460617}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 141432, 'start': 1426.32, 'end': 1437.52, 'text': ' they were offering all the activities. So the previous vision of the CIO was every customer', 'tokens': [50964, 436, 645, 8745, 439, 264, 5354, 13, 407, 264, 3894, 5201, 295, 264, 383, 15167, 390, 633, 5474, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.05326442614845608, 'compression_ratio': 1.3984962406015038, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07041817158460617}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 143752, 'start': 1437.52, 'end': 1444.8, 'text': ' get their own product and we get, the customers are able to get our nice products,', 'tokens': [50364, 483, 641, 1065, 1674, 293, 321, 483, 11, 264, 4581, 366, 1075, 281, 483, 527, 1481, 3383, 11, 50728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10695865750312805, 'compression_ratio': 1.5280898876404494, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07228569686412811}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 143752, 'start': 1444.8, 'end': 1453.04, 'text': ' our very competent products, and then they pay us the license. Then the new CIO came with the', 'tokens': [50728, 527, 588, 29998, 3383, 11, 293, 550, 436, 1689, 505, 264, 10476, 13, 1396, 264, 777, 383, 15167, 1361, 365, 264, 51140], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10695865750312805, 'compression_ratio': 1.5280898876404494, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07228569686412811}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 143752, 'start': 1453.04, 'end': 1463.04, 'text': ' message that we need to change from maintenance model to subscription model. But in addition to', 'tokens': [51140, 3636, 300, 321, 643, 281, 1319, 490, 11258, 2316, 281, 17231, 2316, 13, 583, 294, 4500, 281, 51640], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10695865750312805, 'compression_ratio': 1.5280898876404494, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07228569686412811}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 146304, 'start': 1463.04, 'end': 1470.3999999999999, 'text': ' that, we need to build a platform that enables the users to engage and that enable all the', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 11, 321, 643, 281, 1322, 257, 3663, 300, 17077, 264, 5022, 281, 4683, 293, 300, 9528, 439, 264, 50732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12072526576907136, 'compression_ratio': 1.4836065573770492, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012523176148533821}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 146304, 'start': 1471.52, 'end': 1484.48, 'text': ' knowledge that we are offering to be able to growth and play and create our own ecosystem.', 'tokens': [50788, 3601, 300, 321, 366, 8745, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 4599, 293, 862, 293, 1884, 527, 1065, 11311, 13, 51436], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12072526576907136, 'compression_ratio': 1.4836065573770492, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012523176148533821}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 148448, 'start': 1485.04, 'end': 1494.64, 'text': ' So how they started. So they started with the Workstation software, which is what they were', 'tokens': [50392, 407, 577, 436, 1409, 13, 407, 436, 1409, 365, 264, 6603, 19159, 4722, 11, 597, 307, 437, 436, 645, 50872], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17004677947138397, 'compression_ratio': 1.6162790697674418, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01762048527598381}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 148448, 'start': 1494.64, 'end': 1501.76, 'text': ' doing. They were having all the high level capability. It was, well, you have Autodesk', 'tokens': [50872, 884, 13, 814, 645, 1419, 439, 264, 1090, 1496, 13759, 13, 467, 390, 11, 731, 11, 291, 362, 6049, 4789, 74, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17004677947138397, 'compression_ratio': 1.6162790697674418, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01762048527598381}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 148448, 'start': 1501.76, 'end': 1509.76, 'text': " products, you download it, you work with that, and that's it. The second is that they were offering", 'tokens': [51228, 3383, 11, 291, 5484, 309, 11, 291, 589, 365, 300, 11, 293, 300, 311, 309, 13, 440, 1150, 307, 300, 436, 645, 8745, 51628], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17004677947138397, 'compression_ratio': 1.6162790697674418, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01762048527598381}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 150976, 'start': 1509.84, 'end': 1518.64, 'text': ' service support. So that service support was handled in by the Autodesk support that was composed', 'tokens': [50368, 2643, 1406, 13, 407, 300, 2643, 1406, 390, 18033, 294, 538, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 1406, 300, 390, 18204, 50808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419631242752075, 'compression_ratio': 1.7202380952380953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03984649479389191}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 150976, 'start': 1518.64, 'end': 1524.8799999999999, 'text': ' by different type of service support. You could have priority support that was people that they', 'tokens': [50808, 538, 819, 2010, 295, 2643, 1406, 13, 509, 727, 362, 9365, 1406, 300, 390, 561, 300, 436, 51120], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419631242752075, 'compression_ratio': 1.7202380952380953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03984649479389191}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 150976, 'start': 1524.8799999999999, 'end': 1532.8, 'text': ' were directly helping to you. This was for major companies. Then you could have a live support,', 'tokens': [51120, 645, 3838, 4315, 281, 291, 13, 639, 390, 337, 2563, 3431, 13, 1396, 291, 727, 362, 257, 1621, 1406, 11, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16419631242752075, 'compression_ratio': 1.7202380952380953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03984649479389191}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 153280, 'start': 1532.8799999999999, 'end': 1541.12, 'text': ' 24% or live support that was really something that you can have during the office days.', 'tokens': [50368, 4022, 4, 420, 1621, 1406, 300, 390, 534, 746, 300, 291, 393, 362, 1830, 264, 3398, 1708, 13, 50780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13890470974687216, 'compression_ratio': 1.6, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01240582950413227}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 153280, 'start': 1541.9199999999998, 'end': 1547.76, 'text': ' Then you were also able to have the West Web Case support that was something that was available', 'tokens': [50820, 1396, 291, 645, 611, 1075, 281, 362, 264, 4055, 9573, 17791, 1406, 300, 390, 746, 300, 390, 2435, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13890470974687216, 'compression_ratio': 1.6, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01240582950413227}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 153280, 'start': 1547.76, 'end': 1556.96, 'text': ' for all the users. In addition to that, they were saying, okay, this is what we have in 2015. We', 'tokens': [51112, 337, 439, 264, 5022, 13, 682, 4500, 281, 300, 11, 436, 645, 1566, 11, 1392, 11, 341, 307, 437, 321, 362, 294, 7546, 13, 492, 51572], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13890470974687216, 'compression_ratio': 1.6, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01240582950413227}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 155696, 'start': 1556.96, 'end': 1567.68, 'text': ' need to build an ecosystem. So what they were doing, it was to increase the number of capabilities', 'tokens': [50364, 643, 281, 1322, 364, 11311, 13, 407, 437, 436, 645, 884, 11, 309, 390, 281, 3488, 264, 1230, 295, 10862, 50900], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11137368187071785, 'compression_ratio': 1.547872340425532, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026944074779748917}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 155696, 'start': 1567.68, 'end': 1577.2, 'text': ' that enabled them to behave like a platform. So the artificial intelligence company and other', 'tokens': [50900, 300, 15172, 552, 281, 15158, 411, 257, 3663, 13, 407, 264, 11677, 7599, 2237, 293, 661, 51376], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11137368187071785, 'compression_ratio': 1.547872340425532, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026944074779748917}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 155696, 'start': 1577.2, 'end': 1585.28, 'text': ' acquisition provided them the ability to offer the Autodesk drive and the shared views. The shared', 'tokens': [51376, 21668, 5649, 552, 264, 3485, 281, 2626, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 3332, 293, 264, 5507, 6809, 13, 440, 5507, 51780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11137368187071785, 'compression_ratio': 1.547872340425532, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0026944074779748917}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 158528, 'start': 1585.36, 'end': 1594.56, 'text': ' views is a way where if you are using one of the Autodesk products, you will be able to share', 'tokens': [50368, 6809, 307, 257, 636, 689, 498, 291, 366, 1228, 472, 295, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 3383, 11, 291, 486, 312, 1075, 281, 2073, 50828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1089504910753919, 'compression_ratio': 1.6264367816091954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00991071667522192}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 158528, 'start': 1595.36, 'end': 1603.36, 'text': " the view that you are building, let's say a 3D diagram that you are building with AutoCAD,", 'tokens': [50868, 264, 1910, 300, 291, 366, 2390, 11, 718, 311, 584, 257, 805, 35, 10686, 300, 291, 366, 2390, 365, 13738, 34, 6112, 11, 51268], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1089504910753919, 'compression_ratio': 1.6264367816091954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00991071667522192}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 158528, 'start': 1603.36, 'end': 1608.32, 'text': " and you want to share it with a colleague that it's in another part of the world. So you can share", 'tokens': [51268, 293, 291, 528, 281, 2073, 309, 365, 257, 13532, 300, 309, 311, 294, 1071, 644, 295, 264, 1002, 13, 407, 291, 393, 2073, 51516], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1089504910753919, 'compression_ratio': 1.6264367816091954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00991071667522192}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 160832, 'start': 1608.32, 'end': 1617.2, 'text': ' that view and the other person can access to that view. So if he is building a piece of something', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 1910, 293, 264, 661, 954, 393, 2105, 281, 300, 1910, 13, 407, 498, 415, 307, 2390, 257, 2522, 295, 746, 50808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07101404483501728, 'compression_ratio': 1.6140350877192982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014157037250697613}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 160832, 'start': 1617.2, 'end': 1624.0, 'text': ' and need to know how you are building your own piece, then that shared view enables you', 'tokens': [50808, 293, 643, 281, 458, 577, 291, 366, 2390, 428, 1065, 2522, 11, 550, 300, 5507, 1910, 17077, 291, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07101404483501728, 'compression_ratio': 1.6140350877192982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014157037250697613}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 160832, 'start': 1624.0, 'end': 1631.52, 'text': ' to fit the two components in the right way. So that was happening thanks to the artificial', 'tokens': [51148, 281, 3318, 264, 732, 6677, 294, 264, 558, 636, 13, 407, 300, 390, 2737, 3231, 281, 264, 11677, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07101404483501728, 'compression_ratio': 1.6140350877192982, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014157037250697613}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 163152, 'start': 1631.52, 'end': 1638.56, 'text': ' intelligence company that they were acquiring. This is something they are not only offering to', 'tokens': [50364, 7599, 2237, 300, 436, 645, 37374, 13, 639, 307, 746, 436, 366, 406, 787, 8745, 281, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17759880777132714, 'compression_ratio': 1.6033519553072626, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018296098336577415}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 163152, 'start': 1638.56, 'end': 1645.6, 'text': ' the architecture engineering and construction unit, they are offering to all the units. And then', 'tokens': [50716, 264, 9482, 7043, 293, 6435, 4985, 11, 436, 366, 8745, 281, 439, 264, 6815, 13, 400, 550, 51068], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17759880777132714, 'compression_ratio': 1.6033519553072626, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018296098336577415}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 163152, 'start': 1645.6, 'end': 1654.32, 'text': " they improved the version control system where that apparently it was not very, they don't have", 'tokens': [51068, 436, 9689, 264, 3037, 1969, 1185, 689, 300, 7970, 309, 390, 406, 588, 11, 436, 500, 380, 362, 51504], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17759880777132714, 'compression_ratio': 1.6033519553072626, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018296098336577415}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 165432, 'start': 1655.28, 'end': 1662.6399999999999, 'text': ' very nice feedback from users, so they did a lot of improvement on that. So from product life', 'tokens': [50412, 588, 1481, 5824, 490, 5022, 11, 370, 436, 630, 257, 688, 295, 10444, 322, 300, 13, 407, 490, 1674, 993, 50780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15954341888427734, 'compression_ratio': 1.630057803468208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011259611696004868}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 165432, 'start': 1662.6399999999999, 'end': 1671.84, 'text': ' lifecycle management capabilities, they included these low level capabilities that enabled them', 'tokens': [50780, 45722, 4592, 10862, 11, 436, 5556, 613, 2295, 1496, 10862, 300, 15172, 552, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15954341888427734, 'compression_ratio': 1.630057803468208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011259611696004868}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 165432, 'start': 1671.84, 'end': 1680.8, 'text': ' to have the users using the platform and to be able to increase the fidelity and the need of', 'tokens': [51240, 281, 362, 264, 5022, 1228, 264, 3663, 293, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 3488, 264, 46404, 293, 264, 643, 295, 51688], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15954341888427734, 'compression_ratio': 1.630057803468208, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011259611696004868}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 168080, 'start': 1680.8799999999999, 'end': 1689.2, 'text': ' the users to continue working with the Autodesk product that they were using. So this was the', 'tokens': [50368, 264, 5022, 281, 2354, 1364, 365, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 1674, 300, 436, 645, 1228, 13, 407, 341, 390, 264, 50784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10130594670772552, 'compression_ratio': 1.7125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006237484514713287}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 168080, 'start': 1689.2, 'end': 1695.76, 'text': ' way that they were doing that. The second point that they were increasing a lot, it was that', 'tokens': [50784, 636, 300, 436, 645, 884, 300, 13, 440, 1150, 935, 300, 436, 645, 5662, 257, 688, 11, 309, 390, 300, 51112], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10130594670772552, 'compression_ratio': 1.7125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006237484514713287}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 168080, 'start': 1696.48, 'end': 1703.36, 'text': ' the learning services. In terms of learning services, they were playing the game before', 'tokens': [51148, 264, 2539, 3328, 13, 682, 2115, 295, 2539, 3328, 11, 436, 645, 2433, 264, 1216, 949, 51492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10130594670772552, 'compression_ratio': 1.7125, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006237484514713287}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1704.08, 'end': 1712.0, 'text': ' with the use of third parties. So Autodesk was training people and companies, and these people', 'tokens': [50400, 365, 264, 764, 295, 2636, 8265, 13, 407, 6049, 4789, 74, 390, 3097, 561, 293, 3431, 11, 293, 613, 561, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10700618303739108, 'compression_ratio': 1.7625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021335871890187263}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1712.0, 'end': 1719.76, 'text': ' were trainers that they were training the end users. Then with the new direction that they were', 'tokens': [50796, 645, 35393, 300, 436, 645, 3097, 264, 917, 5022, 13, 1396, 365, 264, 777, 3513, 300, 436, 645, 51184], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10700618303739108, 'compression_ratio': 1.7625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021335871890187263}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 170336, 'start': 1720.24, 'end': 1726.08, 'text': ' willing to take, they were saying, well, we were giving the training through third parties,', 'tokens': [51208, 4950, 281, 747, 11, 436, 645, 1566, 11, 731, 11, 321, 645, 2902, 264, 3097, 807, 2636, 8265, 11, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10700618303739108, 'compression_ratio': 1.7625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021335871890187263}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 172608, 'start': 1726.08, 'end': 1734.56, 'text': ' but we would like to engage the people directly and to build our learning services. So we will not', 'tokens': [50364, 457, 321, 576, 411, 281, 4683, 264, 561, 3838, 293, 281, 1322, 527, 2539, 3328, 13, 407, 321, 486, 406, 50788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11319848985383005, 'compression_ratio': 1.699421965317919, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02143898978829384}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 172608, 'start': 1734.56, 'end': 1743.76, 'text': ' stop training trainers, but we will try to make, to increase the learning services that we directly', 'tokens': [50788, 1590, 3097, 35393, 11, 457, 321, 486, 853, 281, 652, 11, 281, 3488, 264, 2539, 3328, 300, 321, 3838, 51248], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11319848985383005, 'compression_ratio': 1.699421965317919, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02143898978829384}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 172608, 'start': 1743.76, 'end': 1755.9199999999998, 'text': ' provide so that we can get that revenue too. So they had in the past the certification programs', 'tokens': [51248, 2893, 370, 300, 321, 393, 483, 300, 9324, 886, 13, 407, 436, 632, 294, 264, 1791, 264, 21775, 4268, 51856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11319848985383005, 'compression_ratio': 1.699421965317919, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02143898978829384}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 175592, 'start': 1755.92, 'end': 1764.72, 'text': " which actually, I think that in the reality they didn't change it. They completely changed the", 'tokens': [50364, 597, 767, 11, 286, 519, 300, 294, 264, 4103, 436, 994, 380, 1319, 309, 13, 814, 2584, 3105, 264, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1428389847278595, 'compression_ratio': 1.5617977528089888, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004621840547770262}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 175592, 'start': 1764.72, 'end': 1771.52, 'text': ' Autodesk Knowledge Network. They created the Autodesk Development Network membership.', 'tokens': [50804, 6049, 4789, 74, 32906, 12640, 13, 814, 2942, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 15041, 12640, 16560, 13, 51144], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1428389847278595, 'compression_ratio': 1.5617977528089888, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004621840547770262}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 175592, 'start': 1772.72, 'end': 1780.16, 'text': ' They started to create on-demand courses. They were creating a service that it was live coaching,', 'tokens': [51204, 814, 1409, 281, 1884, 322, 12, 10730, 474, 7712, 13, 814, 645, 4084, 257, 2643, 300, 309, 390, 1621, 15818, 11, 51576], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1428389847278595, 'compression_ratio': 1.5617977528089888, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004621840547770262}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 178016, 'start': 1781.1200000000001, 'end': 1788.16, 'text': ' that where you were having a contract with that possibility, you could request to schedule a', 'tokens': [50412, 300, 689, 291, 645, 1419, 257, 4364, 365, 300, 7959, 11, 291, 727, 5308, 281, 7567, 257, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1073961669001086, 'compression_ratio': 1.5411764705882354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012842288240790367}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 178016, 'start': 1788.16, 'end': 1794.4, 'text': ' meeting with someone who will give you professional support related to something', 'tokens': [50764, 3440, 365, 1580, 567, 486, 976, 291, 4843, 1406, 4077, 281, 746, 51076], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1073961669001086, 'compression_ratio': 1.5411764705882354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012842288240790367}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 178016, 'start': 1795.28, 'end': 1805.3600000000001, 'text': ' of the helpdesk product that you are using. In terms of the service, they also added the', 'tokens': [51120, 295, 264, 854, 14792, 74, 1674, 300, 291, 366, 1228, 13, 682, 2115, 295, 264, 2643, 11, 436, 611, 3869, 264, 51624], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1073961669001086, 'compression_ratio': 1.5411764705882354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012842288240790367}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1805.36, 'end': 1813.52, 'text': ' Asked and Expert, the Autodesk Virtual Agent, which was something that was happening in the last', 'tokens': [50364, 12320, 292, 293, 41255, 11, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 23887, 27174, 11, 597, 390, 746, 300, 390, 2737, 294, 264, 1036, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12303218107957106, 'compression_ratio': 1.565934065934066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014757479541003704}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1813.52, 'end': 1823.6799999999998, 'text': ' three years and that they were really trying to engage and remove third parties. So they were', 'tokens': [50772, 1045, 924, 293, 300, 436, 645, 534, 1382, 281, 4683, 293, 4159, 2636, 8265, 13, 407, 436, 645, 51280], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12303218107957106, 'compression_ratio': 1.565934065934066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014757479541003704}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 180536, 'start': 1823.6799999999998, 'end': 1833.84, 'text': ' able to provide the service and to add more value to the original license where they were only', 'tokens': [51280, 1075, 281, 2893, 264, 2643, 293, 281, 909, 544, 2158, 281, 264, 3380, 10476, 689, 436, 645, 787, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12303218107957106, 'compression_ratio': 1.565934065934066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014757479541003704}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 183384, 'start': 1833.84, 'end': 1844.48, 'text': ' offering Autodesk product plus service support. So both things were in parallel. They were doing', 'tokens': [50364, 8745, 6049, 4789, 74, 1674, 1804, 2643, 1406, 13, 407, 1293, 721, 645, 294, 8952, 13, 814, 645, 884, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11120933294296265, 'compression_ratio': 1.2818791946308725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007608560845255852}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 183384, 'start': 1844.48, 'end': 1854.9599999999998, 'text': " all these changes between 2016 and at the end of 2019, so 2020. So I don't know if anybody has", 'tokens': [50896, 439, 613, 2962, 1296, 6549, 293, 412, 264, 917, 295, 6071, 11, 370, 4808, 13, 407, 286, 500, 380, 458, 498, 4472, 575, 51420], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11120933294296265, 'compression_ratio': 1.2818791946308725, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007608560845255852}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 185496, 'start': 1855.68, 'end': 1871.6000000000001, 'text': ' any questions. So I continue. So they were building that platform. They were doing a lot of changes', 'tokens': [50400, 604, 1651, 13, 407, 286, 2354, 13, 407, 436, 645, 2390, 300, 3663, 13, 814, 645, 884, 257, 688, 295, 2962, 51196], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.213488778402639, 'compression_ratio': 1.424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02638723887503147}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 185496, 'start': 1871.6000000000001, 'end': 1877.76, 'text': ' in the way that they were offering this product and giving value to the users.', 'tokens': [51196, 294, 264, 636, 300, 436, 645, 8745, 341, 1674, 293, 2902, 2158, 281, 264, 5022, 13, 51504], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.213488778402639, 'compression_ratio': 1.424, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02638723887503147}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 187776, 'start': 1878.08, 'end': 1886.56, 'text': ' But here it comes. The more interesting change that really happens is that, well,', 'tokens': [50380, 583, 510, 309, 1487, 13, 440, 544, 1880, 1319, 300, 534, 2314, 307, 300, 11, 731, 11, 50804], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28339385986328125, 'compression_ratio': 1.5138121546961325, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02752929925918579}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 187776, 'start': 1887.28, 'end': 1893.44, 'text': ' who are the consumer? Well, the technical people that they use the Autodesk products, but we also', 'tokens': [50840, 567, 366, 264, 9711, 30, 1042, 11, 264, 6191, 561, 300, 436, 764, 264, 6049, 4789, 74, 3383, 11, 457, 321, 611, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28339385986328125, 'compression_ratio': 1.5138121546961325, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02752929925918579}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 187776, 'start': 1893.44, 'end': 1900.48, 'text': ' have the finance and procurement customer, which is willing and is going and is under pressure', 'tokens': [51148, 362, 264, 10719, 293, 35183, 5474, 11, 597, 307, 4950, 293, 307, 516, 293, 307, 833, 3321, 51500], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.28339385986328125, 'compression_ratio': 1.5138121546961325, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02752929925918579}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 190048, 'start': 1901.44, 'end': 1910.16, 'text': ' to save money for their own company. So finance and procurement, they were already very familiar', 'tokens': [50412, 281, 3155, 1460, 337, 641, 1065, 2237, 13, 407, 10719, 293, 35183, 11, 436, 645, 1217, 588, 4963, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1476613264817458, 'compression_ratio': 1.5898876404494382, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00938400812447071}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 190048, 'start': 1910.16, 'end': 1919.28, 'text': ' to the use of Solution as a Service subscription models in software because they were working.', 'tokens': [50848, 281, 264, 764, 295, 318, 3386, 382, 257, 9561, 17231, 5245, 294, 4722, 570, 436, 645, 1364, 13, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1476613264817458, 'compression_ratio': 1.5898876404494382, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00938400812447071}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 190048, 'start': 1920.56, 'end': 1927.84, 'text': " I'm sure they were in the big companies and in any type of size of company, the finance and", 'tokens': [51368, 286, 478, 988, 436, 645, 294, 264, 955, 3431, 293, 294, 604, 2010, 295, 2744, 295, 2237, 11, 264, 10719, 293, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1476613264817458, 'compression_ratio': 1.5898876404494382, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00938400812447071}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 192784, 'start': 1927.9199999999998, 'end': 1935.04, 'text': ' procurement people, they have been working to try to remove CAPEX to decrease the individual cost', 'tokens': [50368, 35183, 561, 11, 436, 362, 668, 1364, 281, 853, 281, 4159, 33636, 39814, 281, 11514, 264, 2609, 2063, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13135251002525217, 'compression_ratio': 1.515625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008844846859574318}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 192784, 'start': 1935.04, 'end': 1942.08, 'text': ' of the use of every single aspect of the company. And they perfectly know because they probably', 'tokens': [50724, 295, 264, 764, 295, 633, 2167, 4171, 295, 264, 2237, 13, 400, 436, 6239, 458, 570, 436, 1391, 51076], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13135251002525217, 'compression_ratio': 1.515625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008844846859574318}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 192784, 'start': 1942.08, 'end': 1950.9599999999998, 'text': ' have already done with servers, storage, memory, networks, etc. etc. etc. They have moved so many', 'tokens': [51076, 362, 1217, 1096, 365, 15909, 11, 6725, 11, 4675, 11, 9590, 11, 5183, 13, 5183, 13, 5183, 13, 814, 362, 4259, 370, 867, 51520], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13135251002525217, 'compression_ratio': 1.515625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008844846859574318}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 195096, 'start': 1950.96, 'end': 1958.24, 'text': ' things to the cloud or they have been engaged in activities of that. So in 2015, they already', 'tokens': [50364, 721, 281, 264, 4588, 420, 436, 362, 668, 8237, 294, 5354, 295, 300, 13, 407, 294, 7546, 11, 436, 1217, 50728], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10148146658232718, 'compression_ratio': 1.5139664804469273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019616106525063515}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 195096, 'start': 1959.04, 'end': 1968.88, 'text': ' know how these savings look like and they were looking for that not only in the', 'tokens': [50768, 458, 577, 613, 13454, 574, 411, 293, 436, 645, 1237, 337, 300, 406, 787, 294, 264, 51260], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10148146658232718, 'compression_ratio': 1.5139664804469273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019616106525063515}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 195096, 'start': 1970.0, 'end': 1978.16, 'text': ' low-level IT activities, but in the higher level. So when we look at the finance and procurement,', 'tokens': [51316, 2295, 12, 12418, 6783, 5354, 11, 457, 294, 264, 2946, 1496, 13, 407, 562, 321, 574, 412, 264, 10719, 293, 35183, 11, 51724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10148146658232718, 'compression_ratio': 1.5139664804469273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019616106525063515}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 197816, 'start': 1978.16, 'end': 1986.4, 'text': ' they are looking to reduce CAPEX, to reduce the cost, to understand the expenditure, that this is', 'tokens': [50364, 436, 366, 1237, 281, 5407, 33636, 39814, 11, 281, 5407, 264, 2063, 11, 281, 1223, 264, 40377, 11, 300, 341, 307, 50776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13871882713004335, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696969696969697, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010265340097248554}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 197816, 'start': 1986.4, 'end': 1995.44, 'text': ' something very important for them because, well, we have 350 AutoCAD licenses, but how many of them', 'tokens': [50776, 746, 588, 1021, 337, 552, 570, 11, 731, 11, 321, 362, 18065, 13738, 34, 6112, 32821, 11, 457, 577, 867, 295, 552, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13871882713004335, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696969696969697, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010265340097248554}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 197816, 'start': 1995.44, 'end': 2007.44, 'text': " are we really using? Why is Autodesk pushing me to have 350 licenses per year when I'm really", 'tokens': [51228, 366, 321, 534, 1228, 30, 1545, 307, 6049, 4789, 74, 7380, 385, 281, 362, 18065, 32821, 680, 1064, 562, 286, 478, 534, 51828], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13871882713004335, 'compression_ratio': 1.4696969696969697, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010265340097248554}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 200744, 'start': 2007.8400000000001, 'end': 2018.8, 'text': ' using 200 the whole year and 100 only six months? And then I have another 50 licenses that they', 'tokens': [50384, 1228, 2331, 264, 1379, 1064, 293, 2319, 787, 2309, 2493, 30, 400, 550, 286, 362, 1071, 2625, 32821, 300, 436, 50932], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1373347009931292, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315789473684212, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008675673976540565}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 200744, 'start': 2018.8, 'end': 2025.8400000000001, 'text': ' are used less than three months because we are covering peaks of workload and then we need that.', 'tokens': [50932, 366, 1143, 1570, 813, 1045, 2493, 570, 321, 366, 10322, 26897, 295, 20139, 293, 550, 321, 643, 300, 13, 51284], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1373347009931292, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315789473684212, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008675673976540565}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 200744, 'start': 2025.8400000000001, 'end': 2035.8400000000001, 'text': " But Autodesk is making me to consume a lot of 350 licenses when I in reality don't need that much.", 'tokens': [51284, 583, 6049, 4789, 74, 307, 1455, 385, 281, 14732, 257, 688, 295, 18065, 32821, 562, 286, 294, 4103, 500, 380, 643, 300, 709, 13, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1373347009931292, 'compression_ratio': 1.5315789473684212, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008675673976540565}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 203744, 'start': 2037.44, 'end': 2046.64, 'text': ' Okay, so procure, they need to procure, they need to engage in the way to purchase the license,', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 370, 26846, 11, 436, 643, 281, 26846, 11, 436, 643, 281, 4683, 294, 264, 636, 281, 8110, 264, 10476, 11, 50824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1764559819148137, 'compression_ratio': 1.6282051282051282, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009289471432566643}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 203744, 'start': 2046.64, 'end': 2054.96, 'text': ' the product, the subscription, whatever. So what did Autodesk did in this,', 'tokens': [50824, 264, 1674, 11, 264, 17231, 11, 2035, 13, 407, 437, 630, 6049, 4789, 74, 630, 294, 341, 11, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1764559819148137, 'compression_ratio': 1.6282051282051282, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009289471432566643}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 203744, 'start': 2056.88, 'end': 2065.6, 'text': ' in this, from this point and this goes to the previous slide where I was mentioning', 'tokens': [51336, 294, 341, 11, 490, 341, 935, 293, 341, 1709, 281, 264, 3894, 4137, 689, 286, 390, 18315, 51772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1764559819148137, 'compression_ratio': 1.6282051282051282, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009289471432566643}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 206560, 'start': 2065.6, 'end': 2074.24, 'text': ' the number of subscriptions and how they were handling. So what they did, it was, well, we have', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 1230, 295, 44951, 293, 577, 436, 645, 13175, 13, 407, 437, 436, 630, 11, 309, 390, 11, 731, 11, 321, 362, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11118262608846029, 'compression_ratio': 1.7117903930131004, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006346496753394604}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 206560, 'start': 2074.24, 'end': 2080.88, 'text': ' a license model. You come here, you pay a license, we give you a maintenance support for free because', 'tokens': [50796, 257, 10476, 2316, 13, 509, 808, 510, 11, 291, 1689, 257, 10476, 11, 321, 976, 291, 257, 11258, 1406, 337, 1737, 570, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11118262608846029, 'compression_ratio': 1.7117903930131004, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006346496753394604}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 206560, 'start': 2080.88, 'end': 2085.6, 'text': ' you are paying the license for one year and then the second year you have to pay the maintenance.', 'tokens': [51128, 291, 366, 6229, 264, 10476, 337, 472, 1064, 293, 550, 264, 1150, 1064, 291, 362, 281, 1689, 264, 11258, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11118262608846029, 'compression_ratio': 1.7117903930131004, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006346496753394604}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 206560, 'start': 2085.6, 'end': 2093.12, 'text': ' And we are offering different subscription options, education, standard, premium and enterprise.', 'tokens': [51364, 400, 321, 366, 8745, 819, 17231, 3956, 11, 3309, 11, 3832, 11, 12049, 293, 14132, 13, 51740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11118262608846029, 'compression_ratio': 1.7117903930131004, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006346496753394604}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 209312, 'start': 2094.0, 'end': 2101.7599999999998, 'text': ' As we have a lot of people around the world, but we cannot cover all the corners of the world,', 'tokens': [50408, 1018, 321, 362, 257, 688, 295, 561, 926, 264, 1002, 11, 457, 321, 2644, 2060, 439, 264, 12413, 295, 264, 1002, 11, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07581836589868518, 'compression_ratio': 1.6951219512195121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00534409936517477}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 209312, 'start': 2101.7599999999998, 'end': 2108.48, 'text': ' we have reselling programs and we have a lot of companies that they work reselling our licenses.', 'tokens': [50796, 321, 362, 2025, 2669, 4268, 293, 321, 362, 257, 688, 295, 3431, 300, 436, 589, 2025, 2669, 527, 32821, 13, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07581836589868518, 'compression_ratio': 1.6951219512195121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00534409936517477}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 209312, 'start': 2109.12, 'end': 2119.44, 'text': ' We give them the ability to sell these licenses with a set of rules that it was built.', 'tokens': [51164, 492, 976, 552, 264, 3485, 281, 3607, 613, 32821, 365, 257, 992, 295, 4474, 300, 309, 390, 3094, 13, 51680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07581836589868518, 'compression_ratio': 1.6951219512195121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00534409936517477}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 211944, 'start': 2119.44, 'end': 2126.0, 'text': ' Okay, so this is where they come from. What they have done is to say, well, what we are going to do', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 370, 341, 307, 689, 436, 808, 490, 13, 708, 436, 362, 1096, 307, 281, 584, 11, 731, 11, 437, 321, 366, 516, 281, 360, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09217460246025762, 'compression_ratio': 1.6166666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038445903919637203}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 211944, 'start': 2126.0, 'end': 2134.8, 'text': ' is to change one license per one subscription and it was like, what? Yes, so the first people', 'tokens': [50692, 307, 281, 1319, 472, 10476, 680, 472, 17231, 293, 309, 390, 411, 11, 437, 30, 1079, 11, 370, 264, 700, 561, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09217460246025762, 'compression_ratio': 1.6166666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038445903919637203}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 211944, 'start': 2134.8, 'end': 2142.7200000000003, 'text': ' that they were having a lot of fear, oh, we are going to lose our jobs. We are reselling licenses', 'tokens': [51132, 300, 436, 645, 1419, 257, 688, 295, 4240, 11, 1954, 11, 321, 366, 516, 281, 3624, 527, 4782, 13, 492, 366, 2025, 2669, 32821, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09217460246025762, 'compression_ratio': 1.6166666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0038445903919637203}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 214272, 'start': 2142.72, 'end': 2149.7599999999998, 'text': ' and the licenses are not going to live anymore. So the message given by Autodesk was,', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 264, 32821, 366, 406, 516, 281, 1621, 3602, 13, 407, 264, 3636, 2212, 538, 6049, 4789, 74, 390, 11, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11077379143756369, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027624309392265, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020225681364536285}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 214272, 'start': 2150.56, 'end': 2160.56, 'text': " there's no problem. We want and we value a lot all the resellers we have across the world because", 'tokens': [50756, 456, 311, 572, 1154, 13, 492, 528, 293, 321, 2158, 257, 688, 439, 264, 2025, 20278, 321, 362, 2108, 264, 1002, 570, 51256], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11077379143756369, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027624309392265, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020225681364536285}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 214272, 'start': 2160.56, 'end': 2169.68, 'text': " you guys are the people that are selling our products where we don't reach. And you know", 'tokens': [51256, 291, 1074, 366, 264, 561, 300, 366, 6511, 527, 3383, 689, 321, 500, 380, 2524, 13, 400, 291, 458, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11077379143756369, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027624309392265, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020225681364536285}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 216968, 'start': 2169.68, 'end': 2178.0, 'text': ' the markets and the customers better than us. So we are not going to deteriorate or change', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 8383, 293, 264, 4581, 1101, 813, 505, 13, 407, 321, 366, 406, 516, 281, 26431, 473, 420, 1319, 50780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0895561882943818, 'compression_ratio': 1.6123595505617978, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006221672520041466}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 216968, 'start': 2178.0, 'end': 2186.0, 'text': ' the reselling programs. So this was a key important message for all the companies reselling licenses.', 'tokens': [50780, 264, 2025, 2669, 4268, 13, 407, 341, 390, 257, 2141, 1021, 3636, 337, 439, 264, 3431, 2025, 2669, 32821, 13, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0895561882943818, 'compression_ratio': 1.6123595505617978, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006221672520041466}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 216968, 'start': 2187.3599999999997, 'end': 2195.2799999999997, 'text': ' The second thing that they did, it was we are going to keep this basic schema for subscription', 'tokens': [51248, 440, 1150, 551, 300, 436, 630, 11, 309, 390, 321, 366, 516, 281, 1066, 341, 3875, 34078, 337, 17231, 51644], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0895561882943818, 'compression_ratio': 1.6123595505617978, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006221672520041466}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 219528, 'start': 2195.28, 'end': 2204.8, 'text': ' options. We have four, now we have four. What they did was different programs where they were saying,', 'tokens': [50364, 3956, 13, 492, 362, 1451, 11, 586, 321, 362, 1451, 13, 708, 436, 630, 390, 819, 4268, 689, 436, 645, 1566, 11, 50840], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11590613424777985, 'compression_ratio': 1.6727272727272726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008787627331912518}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 219528, 'start': 2204.8, 'end': 2212.6400000000003, 'text': ' well, guys, you can go from this license to subscription. So they were changing.', 'tokens': [50840, 731, 11, 1074, 11, 291, 393, 352, 490, 341, 10476, 281, 17231, 13, 407, 436, 645, 4473, 13, 51232], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11590613424777985, 'compression_ratio': 1.6727272727272726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008787627331912518}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 219528, 'start': 2214.4, 'end': 2221.36, 'text': ' They were letting the customers to move by themselves from licenses to subscriptions. So they', 'tokens': [51320, 814, 645, 8295, 264, 4581, 281, 1286, 538, 2969, 490, 32821, 281, 44951, 13, 407, 436, 51668], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11590613424777985, 'compression_ratio': 1.6727272727272726, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008787627331912518}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 222136, 'start': 2221.44, 'end': 2228.88, 'text': ' created plans to deprecate the license use and then they moved directly to subscriptions.', 'tokens': [50368, 2942, 5482, 281, 1367, 13867, 473, 264, 10476, 764, 293, 550, 436, 4259, 3838, 281, 44951, 13, 50740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12720906734466553, 'compression_ratio': 1.8791946308724832, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018458731472492218}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 222136, 'start': 2229.6800000000003, 'end': 2240.6400000000003, 'text': ' And then they were, they also created action plans to move directly customers from license', 'tokens': [50780, 400, 550, 436, 645, 11, 436, 611, 2942, 3069, 5482, 281, 1286, 3838, 4581, 490, 10476, 51328], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12720906734466553, 'compression_ratio': 1.8791946308724832, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018458731472492218}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 222136, 'start': 2240.6400000000003, 'end': 2248.08, 'text': ' to subscription. So the license has a number and that number was turned into a subscription number.', 'tokens': [51328, 281, 17231, 13, 407, 264, 10476, 575, 257, 1230, 293, 300, 1230, 390, 3574, 666, 257, 17231, 1230, 13, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12720906734466553, 'compression_ratio': 1.8791946308724832, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018458731472492218}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 224808, 'start': 2249.04, 'end': 2254.64, 'text': ' So major customers, they were saying, well, we want to continue with you because we have a lot of', 'tokens': [50412, 407, 2563, 4581, 11, 436, 645, 1566, 11, 731, 11, 321, 528, 281, 2354, 365, 291, 570, 321, 362, 257, 688, 295, 50692], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14495512727019075, 'compression_ratio': 1.49746192893401, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018906681798398495}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 224808, 'start': 2254.64, 'end': 2263.84, 'text': " activities with you, but please do this in an easy way. So Autodesk say no problem. Don't worry.", 'tokens': [50692, 5354, 365, 291, 11, 457, 1767, 360, 341, 294, 364, 1858, 636, 13, 407, 6049, 4789, 74, 584, 572, 1154, 13, 1468, 380, 3292, 13, 51152], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14495512727019075, 'compression_ratio': 1.49746192893401, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018906681798398495}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 224808, 'start': 2263.84, 'end': 2270.48, 'text': ' At the end of this year, you are using licenses, but next year you will be using subscription model.', 'tokens': [51152, 1711, 264, 917, 295, 341, 1064, 11, 291, 366, 1228, 32821, 11, 457, 958, 1064, 291, 486, 312, 1228, 17231, 2316, 13, 51484], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14495512727019075, 'compression_ratio': 1.49746192893401, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0018906681798398495}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 227048, 'start': 2271.44, 'end': 2278.4, 'text': ' And then when you look at the subscription model, then you can adapt to that way of consuming.', 'tokens': [50412, 400, 550, 562, 291, 574, 412, 264, 17231, 2316, 11, 550, 291, 393, 6231, 281, 300, 636, 295, 19867, 13, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17568198003266988, 'compression_ratio': 1.4974093264248705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029948091134428978}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 227048, 'start': 2280.2400000000002, 'end': 2289.76, 'text': ' So companies started to change. Again, I come back here. This is the result. Okay, this is a', 'tokens': [50852, 407, 3431, 1409, 281, 1319, 13, 3764, 11, 286, 808, 646, 510, 13, 639, 307, 264, 1874, 13, 1033, 11, 341, 307, 257, 51328], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17568198003266988, 'compression_ratio': 1.4974093264248705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029948091134428978}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 227048, 'start': 2289.76, 'end': 2298.56, 'text': ' post-mortem analysis. We can see the results before to go ahead. So here the question that I had with', 'tokens': [51328, 2183, 12, 76, 477, 443, 5215, 13, 492, 393, 536, 264, 3542, 949, 281, 352, 2286, 13, 407, 510, 264, 1168, 300, 286, 632, 365, 51768], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17568198003266988, 'compression_ratio': 1.4974093264248705, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029948091134428978}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 229856, 'start': 2299.2, 'end': 2305.68, 'text': ' friend that was asking me was, well, we are seeing that the number of subscription models', 'tokens': [50396, 1277, 300, 390, 3365, 385, 390, 11, 731, 11, 321, 366, 2577, 300, 264, 1230, 295, 17231, 5245, 50720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11557706434335281, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012428535148501396}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 229856, 'start': 2306.24, 'end': 2318.08, 'text': ' are increasing a lot. It was 150. Then it was an increase of 180 and then 56. But the maintenance', 'tokens': [50748, 366, 5662, 257, 688, 13, 467, 390, 8451, 13, 1396, 309, 390, 364, 3488, 295, 11971, 293, 550, 19687, 13, 583, 264, 11258, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11557706434335281, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012428535148501396}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 229856, 'start': 2318.08, 'end': 2328.16, 'text': ' model was decreasing, decreasing and decreasing. But the question was, how many dollars are they', 'tokens': [51340, 2316, 390, 23223, 11, 23223, 293, 23223, 13, 583, 264, 1168, 390, 11, 577, 867, 3808, 366, 436, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11557706434335281, 'compression_ratio': 1.6416184971098267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012428535148501396}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 232816, 'start': 2328.16, 'end': 2335.2, 'text': ' doing here and how many dollars are they doing here? Because what happens is that sometimes in', 'tokens': [50364, 884, 510, 293, 577, 867, 3808, 366, 436, 884, 510, 30, 1436, 437, 2314, 307, 300, 2171, 294, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0906253301180326, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036123753525316715}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 232816, 'start': 2335.2, 'end': 2345.44, 'text': ' maintenance model, we have different pricing and we have different amount of uses. This could be', 'tokens': [50716, 11258, 2316, 11, 321, 362, 819, 17621, 293, 321, 362, 819, 2372, 295, 4960, 13, 639, 727, 312, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0906253301180326, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036123753525316715}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 232816, 'start': 2345.44, 'end': 2351.12, 'text': ' tricky in terms of dollars. So in terms of units, it looks like they have increased the number of', 'tokens': [51228, 12414, 294, 2115, 295, 3808, 13, 407, 294, 2115, 295, 6815, 11, 309, 1542, 411, 436, 362, 6505, 264, 1230, 295, 51512], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0906253301180326, 'compression_ratio': 1.6055555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0036123753525316715}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 235112, 'start': 2351.12, 'end': 2361.2799999999997, 'text': ' units because the total number of units in 2016 was lower than here, that it was higher. But we', 'tokens': [50364, 6815, 570, 264, 3217, 1230, 295, 6815, 294, 6549, 390, 3126, 813, 510, 11, 300, 309, 390, 2946, 13, 583, 321, 50872], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14298647525263766, 'compression_ratio': 1.3493150684931507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01347137801349163}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 235112, 'start': 2361.2799999999997, 'end': 2371.04, 'text': " don't know how they did in terms of dollars. So then I want to move to this another climatic pattern.", 'tokens': [50872, 500, 380, 458, 577, 436, 630, 294, 2115, 295, 3808, 13, 407, 550, 286, 528, 281, 1286, 281, 341, 1071, 5644, 2399, 5102, 13, 51360], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14298647525263766, 'compression_ratio': 1.3493150684931507, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01347137801349163}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 237104, 'start': 2371.92, 'end': 2382.56, 'text': " So this climatic pattern says efficiency doesn't mean reduced spending. And it's also the", 'tokens': [50408, 407, 341, 5644, 2399, 5102, 1619, 10493, 1177, 380, 914, 9212, 6434, 13, 400, 309, 311, 611, 264, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2598575468986265, 'compression_ratio': 1.5674157303370786, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009267255663871765}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 237104, 'start': 2382.56, 'end': 2390.48, 'text': ' Gervon paradox that formally says that increasing efficiency decreases in instantaneously', 'tokens': [50940, 460, 1978, 266, 26221, 300, 25983, 1619, 300, 5662, 10493, 24108, 294, 9836, 13131, 51336], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2598575468986265, 'compression_ratio': 1.5674157303370786, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009267255663871765}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 237104, 'start': 2391.04, 'end': 2398.4, 'text': ' consumption, but increases the use of the model, which causes an increase of in-global consumption.', 'tokens': [51364, 12126, 11, 457, 8637, 264, 764, 295, 264, 2316, 11, 597, 7700, 364, 3488, 295, 294, 12, 70, 752, 2645, 12126, 13, 51732], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2598575468986265, 'compression_ratio': 1.5674157303370786, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009267255663871765}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 239840, 'start': 2399.36, 'end': 2408.64, 'text': ' So what happens in Autodesk? They move from one inefficient model that was licenses to a more', 'tokens': [50412, 407, 437, 2314, 294, 6049, 4789, 74, 30, 814, 1286, 490, 472, 43495, 2316, 300, 390, 32821, 281, 257, 544, 50876], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16835335798041764, 'compression_ratio': 1.5365853658536586, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009180000051856041}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 239840, 'start': 2408.64, 'end': 2417.76, 'text': ' efficient model that was the subscriptions. And then in the subscriptions, they were having the', 'tokens': [50876, 7148, 2316, 300, 390, 264, 44951, 13, 400, 550, 294, 264, 44951, 11, 436, 645, 1419, 264, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16835335798041764, 'compression_ratio': 1.5365853658536586, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009180000051856041}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 241776, 'start': 2417.76, 'end': 2428.4, 'text': ' ability to, the customers have the ability to get the subscription per month. So in the example', 'tokens': [50364, 3485, 281, 11, 264, 4581, 362, 264, 3485, 281, 483, 264, 17231, 680, 1618, 13, 407, 294, 264, 1365, 50896], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08337799708048503, 'compression_ratio': 1.4538461538461538, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07048555463552475}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 241776, 'start': 2428.4, 'end': 2437.28, 'text': ' that I gave it to you before, the company that had 350 licenses, they were having 50 licenses', 'tokens': [50896, 300, 286, 2729, 309, 281, 291, 949, 11, 264, 2237, 300, 632, 18065, 32821, 11, 436, 645, 1419, 2625, 32821, 51340], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08337799708048503, 'compression_ratio': 1.4538461538461538, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07048555463552475}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 243728, 'start': 2437.28, 'end': 2448.8, 'text': ' that they were being used less than three months. So finance could say, well, if now I am in', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 436, 645, 885, 1143, 1570, 813, 1045, 2493, 13, 407, 10719, 727, 584, 11, 731, 11, 498, 586, 286, 669, 294, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17807201809353299, 'compression_ratio': 1.3458646616541354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11279919743537903}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 243728, 'start': 2448.8, 'end': 2456.2400000000002, 'text': ' subscription model and I have 50 people that they only use three months per year, your', 'tokens': [50940, 17231, 2316, 293, 286, 362, 2625, 561, 300, 436, 787, 764, 1045, 2493, 680, 1064, 11, 428, 51312], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17807201809353299, 'compression_ratio': 1.3458646616541354, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11279919743537903}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 245624, 'start': 2457.04, 'end': 2467.9199999999996, 'text': " produce, I'm going to procure only in the standard way, but only for three months, making some savings.", 'tokens': [50404, 5258, 11, 286, 478, 516, 281, 26846, 787, 294, 264, 3832, 636, 11, 457, 787, 337, 1045, 2493, 11, 1455, 512, 13454, 13, 50948], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13094643184116908, 'compression_ratio': 1.4265734265734267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03825679048895836}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 245624, 'start': 2469.2799999999997, 'end': 2478.64, 'text': ' So Autodesk was taking the risk to say, yes, I want to offer that in that way, even know that I know', 'tokens': [51016, 407, 6049, 4789, 74, 390, 1940, 264, 3148, 281, 584, 11, 2086, 11, 286, 528, 281, 2626, 300, 294, 300, 636, 11, 754, 458, 300, 286, 458, 51484], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13094643184116908, 'compression_ratio': 1.4265734265734267, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03825679048895836}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 247864, 'start': 2478.64, 'end': 2486.24, 'text': ' that I am losing some money, but I am trying to offer a more efficient way to engage,', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 286, 669, 7027, 512, 1460, 11, 457, 286, 669, 1382, 281, 2626, 257, 544, 7148, 636, 281, 4683, 11, 50744], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10452622261600218, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027932960893855, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019893808290362358}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 247864, 'start': 2486.8799999999997, 'end': 2499.6, 'text': " because I believe in Gervon's paradox. So this card, it's a standard card that I use for", 'tokens': [50776, 570, 286, 1697, 294, 460, 1978, 266, 311, 26221, 13, 407, 341, 2920, 11, 309, 311, 257, 3832, 2920, 300, 286, 764, 337, 51412], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10452622261600218, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027932960893855, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019893808290362358}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 247864, 'start': 2499.6, 'end': 2506.64, 'text': " understanding a little bit the climatic patterns, but let's see what either really happened in", 'tokens': [51412, 3701, 257, 707, 857, 264, 5644, 2399, 8294, 11, 457, 718, 311, 536, 437, 2139, 534, 2011, 294, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10452622261600218, 'compression_ratio': 1.5027932960893855, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019893808290362358}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 250664, 'start': 2507.52, 'end': 2516.56, 'text': " Autodesk. So let's come back to our user, the finance or procurement person of a company. So", 'tokens': [50408, 6049, 4789, 74, 13, 407, 718, 311, 808, 646, 281, 527, 4195, 11, 264, 10719, 420, 35183, 954, 295, 257, 2237, 13, 407, 50860], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06616727619954985, 'compression_ratio': 1.5730337078651686, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003009210806339979}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 250664, 'start': 2516.56, 'end': 2525.2799999999997, 'text': ' we were saying that these, the user needs are here at the top. Then we were saying that he was', 'tokens': [50860, 321, 645, 1566, 300, 613, 11, 264, 4195, 2203, 366, 510, 412, 264, 1192, 13, 1396, 321, 645, 1566, 300, 415, 390, 51296], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06616727619954985, 'compression_ratio': 1.5730337078651686, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003009210806339979}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 250664, 'start': 2525.2799999999997, 'end': 2535.6, 'text': ' going to be able to use the subscription model. What has Autodesk done to really materialize', 'tokens': [51296, 516, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 764, 264, 17231, 2316, 13, 708, 575, 6049, 4789, 74, 1096, 281, 534, 2527, 1125, 51812], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06616727619954985, 'compression_ratio': 1.5730337078651686, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003009210806339979}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 253560, 'start': 2535.6, 'end': 2546.08, 'text': ' that they have a procurement happy customer? And I am here happy. I want to have this happy. The', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 436, 362, 257, 35183, 2055, 5474, 30, 400, 286, 669, 510, 2055, 13, 286, 528, 281, 362, 341, 2055, 13, 440, 50888], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18122594496783087, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706586826347305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003470806172117591}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 253560, 'start': 2546.08, 'end': 2556.64, 'text': ' person buying, I want his happy. So they created something that was a user that is was able to', 'tokens': [50888, 954, 6382, 11, 286, 528, 702, 2055, 13, 407, 436, 2942, 746, 300, 390, 257, 4195, 300, 307, 390, 1075, 281, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18122594496783087, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706586826347305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003470806172117591}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 253560, 'start': 2556.64, 'end': 2565.2, 'text': ' procure. So they were creating a place where procurement could go and manage the users,', 'tokens': [51416, 26846, 13, 407, 436, 645, 4084, 257, 1081, 689, 35183, 727, 352, 293, 3067, 264, 5022, 11, 51844], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18122594496783087, 'compression_ratio': 1.6706586826347305, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003470806172117591}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 256520, 'start': 2565.2, 'end': 2571.52, 'text': ' that they have by team. So they were able to understand the software costs.', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 436, 362, 538, 1469, 13, 407, 436, 645, 1075, 281, 1223, 264, 4722, 5497, 13, 50680], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10643197573148287, 'compression_ratio': 1.4915254237288136, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008777457987889647}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 256520, 'start': 2573.68, 'end': 2582.16, 'text': ' They were creating an environment where they were able to go, log in, and perform centralized', 'tokens': [50788, 814, 645, 4084, 364, 2823, 689, 436, 645, 1075, 281, 352, 11, 3565, 294, 11, 293, 2042, 32395, 51212], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10643197573148287, 'compression_ratio': 1.4915254237288136, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008777457987889647}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 256520, 'start': 2582.16, 'end': 2591.04, 'text': " purchasing. Oh, that's fantastic. I am finance. I have a workload peak where I need to have 10", 'tokens': [51212, 20906, 13, 876, 11, 300, 311, 5456, 13, 286, 669, 10719, 13, 286, 362, 257, 20139, 10651, 689, 286, 643, 281, 362, 1266, 51656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10643197573148287, 'compression_ratio': 1.4915254237288136, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008777457987889647}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 259104, 'start': 2591.04, 'end': 2599.6, 'text': ' people working reconstruction activity for seven months. And I want to have for seven months,', 'tokens': [50364, 561, 1364, 31565, 5191, 337, 3407, 2493, 13, 400, 286, 528, 281, 362, 337, 3407, 2493, 11, 50792], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17161241678091196, 'compression_ratio': 1.545945945945946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020744292065501213}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 259104, 'start': 2599.6, 'end': 2609.7599999999998, 'text': ' 10 more subscriptions. So they can go directly and they can procure it. So here we can see that', 'tokens': [50792, 1266, 544, 44951, 13, 407, 436, 393, 352, 3838, 293, 436, 393, 26846, 309, 13, 407, 510, 321, 393, 536, 300, 51300], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17161241678091196, 'compression_ratio': 1.545945945945946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020744292065501213}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 259104, 'start': 2609.7599999999998, 'end': 2617.7599999999998, 'text': ' they, there were a conflict with the Reseli program, but they were giving all these capabilities', 'tokens': [51300, 436, 11, 456, 645, 257, 6596, 365, 264, 5015, 10148, 1461, 11, 457, 436, 645, 2902, 439, 613, 10862, 51700], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17161241678091196, 'compression_ratio': 1.545945945945946, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020744292065501213}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 261776, 'start': 2617.76, 'end': 2628.7200000000003, 'text': ' to the procurement people of the companies. And then they try to increase the flexibility of all', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 264, 35183, 561, 295, 264, 3431, 13, 400, 550, 436, 853, 281, 3488, 264, 12635, 295, 439, 50912], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11167616314358181, 'compression_ratio': 1.4202898550724639, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014943738467991352}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 261776, 'start': 2628.7200000000003, 'end': 2639.36, 'text': ' the activities. How? They created the flex daily rates and tokens, which was a way to enable people', 'tokens': [50912, 264, 5354, 13, 1012, 30, 814, 2942, 264, 5896, 5212, 6846, 293, 22667, 11, 597, 390, 257, 636, 281, 9528, 561, 51444], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11167616314358181, 'compression_ratio': 1.4202898550724639, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014943738467991352}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 263936, 'start': 2639.36, 'end': 2648.48, 'text': ' to work by days or to work by weeks. And they were adding tokens that were like coins that', 'tokens': [50364, 281, 589, 538, 1708, 420, 281, 589, 538, 3259, 13, 400, 436, 645, 5127, 22667, 300, 645, 411, 13561, 300, 50820], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11127634048461914, 'compression_ratio': 1.6023391812865497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.062352024018764496}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 263936, 'start': 2649.28, 'end': 2657.36, 'text': ' finance could spend on individual people that they only need specific access for specific', 'tokens': [50860, 10719, 727, 3496, 322, 2609, 561, 300, 436, 787, 643, 2685, 2105, 337, 2685, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11127634048461914, 'compression_ratio': 1.6023391812865497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.062352024018764496}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 263936, 'start': 2657.36, 'end': 2667.6, 'text': ' periods of time. So this was everything that they were doing. They completely changed the way', 'tokens': [51264, 13804, 295, 565, 13, 407, 341, 390, 1203, 300, 436, 645, 884, 13, 814, 2584, 3105, 264, 636, 51776], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11127634048461914, 'compression_ratio': 1.6023391812865497, 'no_speech_prob': 0.062352024018764496}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 266760, 'start': 2667.6, 'end': 2676.96, 'text': ' they were selling all their products, which was a really tremendous change, but not only that.', 'tokens': [50364, 436, 645, 6511, 439, 641, 3383, 11, 597, 390, 257, 534, 10048, 1319, 11, 457, 406, 787, 300, 13, 50832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11133370399475098, 'compression_ratio': 1.6136363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004177899099886417}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 266760, 'start': 2677.68, 'end': 2687.36, 'text': ' They also turn their users from specific software consumers to be software consumers plus', 'tokens': [50868, 814, 611, 1261, 641, 5022, 490, 2685, 4722, 11883, 281, 312, 4722, 11883, 1804, 51352], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11133370399475098, 'compression_ratio': 1.6136363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004177899099886417}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 266760, 'start': 2689.2, 'end': 2697.44, 'text': ' platform consumers. So they have created a platform where the users can go and interact in terms of', 'tokens': [51444, 3663, 11883, 13, 407, 436, 362, 2942, 257, 3663, 689, 264, 5022, 393, 352, 293, 4648, 294, 2115, 295, 51856], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11133370399475098, 'compression_ratio': 1.6136363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004177899099886417}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 269744, 'start': 2697.44, 'end': 2705.28, 'text': ' learning, in terms of service support, and in terms of sharing activities with other colleagues.', 'tokens': [50364, 2539, 11, 294, 2115, 295, 2643, 1406, 11, 293, 294, 2115, 295, 5414, 5354, 365, 661, 7734, 13, 50756], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10124647049676805, 'compression_ratio': 1.6228571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003239616984501481}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 269744, 'start': 2706.56, 'end': 2712.8, 'text': ' In addition to that, and last but not least, they have considered the procurement people of the', 'tokens': [50820, 682, 4500, 281, 300, 11, 293, 1036, 457, 406, 1935, 11, 436, 362, 4888, 264, 35183, 561, 295, 264, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10124647049676805, 'compression_ratio': 1.6228571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003239616984501481}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 269744, 'start': 2712.8, 'end': 2720.0, 'text': ' companies like a key stakeholder. So if the procurement people are happy, they are going to', 'tokens': [51132, 3431, 411, 257, 2141, 43406, 13, 407, 498, 264, 35183, 561, 366, 2055, 11, 436, 366, 516, 281, 51492], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10124647049676805, 'compression_ratio': 1.6228571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003239616984501481}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 272000, 'start': 2720.0, 'end': 2730.08, 'text': " continue buying our products. The consequence, let's see the numbers. So here again, we can see", 'tokens': [50364, 2354, 6382, 527, 3383, 13, 440, 18326, 11, 718, 311, 536, 264, 3547, 13, 407, 510, 797, 11, 321, 393, 536, 50868], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16938276290893556, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08084508776664734}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 272000, 'start': 2730.08, 'end': 2738.0, 'text': " the revenue. I was hiding, I don't know if you remember, but I was hiding here. So what happened,", 'tokens': [50868, 264, 9324, 13, 286, 390, 10596, 11, 286, 500, 380, 458, 498, 291, 1604, 11, 457, 286, 390, 10596, 510, 13, 407, 437, 2011, 11, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16938276290893556, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08084508776664734}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 272000, 'start': 2738.96, 'end': 2748.48, 'text': ' it was that in 2018, they started to grow up and to grow up. The Jebons paradox, we can say today', 'tokens': [51312, 309, 390, 300, 294, 6096, 11, 436, 1409, 281, 1852, 493, 293, 281, 1852, 493, 13, 440, 2588, 65, 892, 26221, 11, 321, 393, 584, 965, 51788], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16938276290893556, 'compression_ratio': 1.5396825396825398, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08084508776664734}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 274848, 'start': 2748.48, 'end': 2756.64, 'text': ' that it really worked here. The atomization of the use and the consumption of their services', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 309, 534, 2732, 510, 13, 440, 12018, 2144, 295, 264, 764, 293, 264, 12126, 295, 641, 3328, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12375872475760323, 'compression_ratio': 1.580110497237569, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002403395250439644}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 274848, 'start': 2758.2400000000002, 'end': 2764.8, 'text': ' when I guess that in the short time, they were having issues. In reality, what had happened is', 'tokens': [50852, 562, 286, 2041, 300, 294, 264, 2099, 565, 11, 436, 645, 1419, 2663, 13, 682, 4103, 11, 437, 632, 2011, 307, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12375872475760323, 'compression_ratio': 1.580110497237569, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002403395250439644}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 274848, 'start': 2764.8, 'end': 2772.4, 'text': ' that in the long term, they are doing really well. And we can see the peaks of free cash flow that', 'tokens': [51180, 300, 294, 264, 938, 1433, 11, 436, 366, 884, 534, 731, 13, 400, 321, 393, 536, 264, 26897, 295, 1737, 6388, 3095, 300, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12375872475760323, 'compression_ratio': 1.580110497237569, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002403395250439644}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 277240, 'start': 2772.4, 'end': 2781.12, 'text': ' they have in the beginning of the years. Probably this is because they are not returning money because', 'tokens': [50364, 436, 362, 294, 264, 2863, 295, 264, 924, 13, 9210, 341, 307, 570, 436, 366, 406, 12678, 1460, 570, 50800], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10012978665968951, 'compression_ratio': 1.6685393258426966, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03363451361656189}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 277240, 'start': 2781.12, 'end': 2787.04, 'text': ' of the extreme use of licenses. So they are doing the close up of all the activities that they do', 'tokens': [50800, 295, 264, 8084, 764, 295, 32821, 13, 407, 436, 366, 884, 264, 1998, 493, 295, 439, 264, 5354, 300, 436, 360, 51096], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10012978665968951, 'compression_ratio': 1.6685393258426966, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03363451361656189}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 277240, 'start': 2787.04, 'end': 2794.1600000000003, 'text': " with the customers. And this gives them extra money. So that's a typical thing that happens with", 'tokens': [51096, 365, 264, 4581, 13, 400, 341, 2709, 552, 2857, 1460, 13, 407, 300, 311, 257, 7476, 551, 300, 2314, 365, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10012978665968951, 'compression_ratio': 1.6685393258426966, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03363451361656189}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 279416, 'start': 2794.16, 'end': 2807.44, 'text': ' these type of companies. In terms of equity, they have started to improve. We can see that in 2021,', 'tokens': [50364, 613, 2010, 295, 3431, 13, 682, 2115, 295, 10769, 11, 436, 362, 1409, 281, 3470, 13, 492, 393, 536, 300, 294, 7201, 11, 51028], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13538643933724667, 'compression_ratio': 1.5372340425531914, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04426964744925499}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 279416, 'start': 2807.44, 'end': 2814.0, 'text': ' they have started to increase again the value of all their activities. They have continued', 'tokens': [51028, 436, 362, 1409, 281, 3488, 797, 264, 2158, 295, 439, 641, 5354, 13, 814, 362, 7014, 51356], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13538643933724667, 'compression_ratio': 1.5372340425531914, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04426964744925499}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 279416, 'start': 2814.0, 'end': 2821.3599999999997, 'text': " increasing the debt. Well, I guess that this point, it's related to the COVID, where they probably", 'tokens': [51356, 5662, 264, 7831, 13, 1042, 11, 286, 2041, 300, 341, 935, 11, 309, 311, 4077, 281, 264, 4566, 11, 689, 436, 1391, 51724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13538643933724667, 'compression_ratio': 1.5372340425531914, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04426964744925499}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 282136, 'start': 2821.36, 'end': 2829.52, 'text': ' have had to do an extra effort. But in terms of free cash flow, you can see that they have started to', 'tokens': [50364, 362, 632, 281, 360, 364, 2857, 4630, 13, 583, 294, 2115, 295, 1737, 6388, 3095, 11, 291, 393, 536, 300, 436, 362, 1409, 281, 50772], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06788745817247328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8101851851851851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004648857284337282}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 282136, 'start': 2830.48, 'end': 2836.4, 'text': " accumulate money again. So they are accumulating money and accumulating money. I don't know what", 'tokens': [50820, 33384, 1460, 797, 13, 407, 436, 366, 12989, 12162, 1460, 293, 12989, 12162, 1460, 13, 286, 500, 380, 458, 437, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06788745817247328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8101851851851851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004648857284337282}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 282136, 'start': 2836.4, 'end': 2843.36, 'text': " happened here. I don't know exactly what is happening if they are using the money for more", 'tokens': [51116, 2011, 510, 13, 286, 500, 380, 458, 2293, 437, 307, 2737, 498, 436, 366, 1228, 264, 1460, 337, 544, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06788745817247328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8101851851851851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004648857284337282}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 282136, 'start': 2843.36, 'end': 2850.7200000000003, 'text': ' investments or whatever. But something is happening here there. In terms of research and development,', 'tokens': [51464, 13784, 420, 2035, 13, 583, 746, 307, 2737, 510, 456, 13, 682, 2115, 295, 2132, 293, 3250, 11, 51832], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06788745817247328, 'compression_ratio': 1.8101851851851851, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004648857284337282}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 285072, 'start': 2850.72, 'end': 2861.68, 'text': ' they have stabilized the money that they are using, but they are spending a lot of money on', 'tokens': [50364, 436, 362, 48384, 264, 1460, 300, 436, 366, 1228, 11, 457, 436, 366, 6434, 257, 688, 295, 1460, 322, 50912], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16718928473336356, 'compression_ratio': 1.5852272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002090688096359372}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 285072, 'start': 2861.68, 'end': 2871.3599999999997, 'text': ' research and development. For instance, in a company like Colgate or a company like Procterland', 'tokens': [50912, 2132, 293, 3250, 13, 1171, 5197, 11, 294, 257, 2237, 411, 4004, 22514, 420, 257, 2237, 411, 1705, 349, 260, 1661, 51396], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16718928473336356, 'compression_ratio': 1.5852272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002090688096359372}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 285072, 'start': 2871.3599999999997, 'end': 2879.12, 'text': ' Gamble, they are around 5%. So they are here. The consumer staples companies are around 5%.', 'tokens': [51396, 24723, 638, 11, 436, 366, 926, 1025, 6856, 407, 436, 366, 510, 13, 440, 9711, 11135, 2622, 3431, 366, 926, 1025, 6856, 51784], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16718928473336356, 'compression_ratio': 1.5852272727272727, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002090688096359372}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 287912, 'start': 2879.68, 'end': 2887.04, 'text': ' These companies are around 25%, which is really, really good. And in terms of in terms of Roig,', 'tokens': [50392, 1981, 3431, 366, 926, 3552, 8923, 597, 307, 534, 11, 534, 665, 13, 400, 294, 2115, 295, 294, 2115, 295, 3101, 328, 11, 50760], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18771879093067065, 'compression_ratio': 1.5574712643678161, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008456858806312084}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 287912, 'start': 2887.04, 'end': 2894.64, 'text': " they are coming back to 20%. I have this orange line at 20% because it's the", 'tokens': [50760, 436, 366, 1348, 646, 281, 945, 6856, 286, 362, 341, 7671, 1622, 412, 945, 4, 570, 309, 311, 264, 51140], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18771879093067065, 'compression_ratio': 1.5574712643678161, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008456858806312084}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 287912, 'start': 2894.64, 'end': 2901.52, 'text': " threesome that I think that it's a healthy threesome in terms of what the company is really doing.", 'tokens': [51140, 258, 265, 2988, 300, 286, 519, 300, 309, 311, 257, 4627, 258, 265, 2988, 294, 2115, 295, 437, 264, 2237, 307, 534, 884, 13, 51484], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18771879093067065, 'compression_ratio': 1.5574712643678161, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008456858806312084}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 290152, 'start': 2902.24, 'end': 2910.72, 'text': ' In terms of return of assets, they again are doing, they have come back to over 20%, which is,', 'tokens': [50400, 682, 2115, 295, 2736, 295, 9769, 11, 436, 797, 366, 884, 11, 436, 362, 808, 646, 281, 670, 945, 8923, 597, 307, 11, 50824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16131916799043355, 'compression_ratio': 1.5268817204301075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020781653001904488}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 290152, 'start': 2910.72, 'end': 2920.32, 'text': " I think it's really, really, really, it's an impressive comeback in three years. So that's it.", 'tokens': [50824, 286, 519, 309, 311, 534, 11, 534, 11, 534, 11, 309, 311, 364, 8992, 23464, 294, 1045, 924, 13, 407, 300, 311, 309, 13, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16131916799043355, 'compression_ratio': 1.5268817204301075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020781653001904488}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 290152, 'start': 2920.32, 'end': 2927.28, 'text': ' And then the efficiency and the ability to generate profits, we can see, well, I think this is', 'tokens': [51304, 400, 550, 264, 10493, 293, 264, 3485, 281, 8460, 17982, 11, 321, 393, 536, 11, 731, 11, 286, 519, 341, 307, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16131916799043355, 'compression_ratio': 1.5268817204301075, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020781653001904488}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 292728, 'start': 2927.28, 'end': 2936.1600000000003, 'text': ' something very rare because it came from minus 11 and then it came back to over 2. But I think', 'tokens': [50364, 746, 588, 5892, 570, 309, 1361, 490, 3175, 2975, 293, 550, 309, 1361, 646, 281, 670, 568, 13, 583, 286, 519, 50808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12039337660136976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4787234042553192, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014414890669286251}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 292728, 'start': 2936.1600000000003, 'end': 2948.1600000000003, 'text': " it's coming to a good threat. So that's it. Sorry, I was consuming almost the whole hour", 'tokens': [50808, 309, 311, 1348, 281, 257, 665, 4734, 13, 407, 300, 311, 309, 13, 4919, 11, 286, 390, 19867, 1920, 264, 1379, 1773, 51408], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12039337660136976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4787234042553192, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014414890669286251}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 292728, 'start': 2948.96, 'end': 2954.4, 'text': " talking. I'm sorry for that. Well, the summary, I don't know if there is any question, but the", 'tokens': [51448, 1417, 13, 286, 478, 2597, 337, 300, 13, 1042, 11, 264, 12691, 11, 286, 500, 380, 458, 498, 456, 307, 604, 1168, 11, 457, 264, 51720], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12039337660136976, 'compression_ratio': 1.4787234042553192, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014414890669286251}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 295440, 'start': 2954.4, 'end': 2963.28, 'text': ' summary is barley mapping can help you to analyze companies, can help you to look into the companies', 'tokens': [50364, 12691, 307, 47761, 18350, 393, 854, 291, 281, 12477, 3431, 11, 393, 854, 291, 281, 574, 666, 264, 3431, 50808], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017102746402516, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003336125984787941}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 295440, 'start': 2963.28, 'end': 2969.76, 'text': ' in the same way. And when you want to go deeper and deeper with the analysis of the companies,', 'tokens': [50808, 294, 264, 912, 636, 13, 400, 562, 291, 528, 281, 352, 7731, 293, 7731, 365, 264, 5215, 295, 264, 3431, 11, 51132], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017102746402516, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003336125984787941}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 295440, 'start': 2969.76, 'end': 2977.6800000000003, 'text': " concepts as climatic patterns can help you a lot. Concepts as a gameplays, it's absolutely", 'tokens': [51132, 10392, 382, 5644, 2399, 8294, 393, 854, 291, 257, 688, 13, 47482, 82, 382, 257, 11421, 82, 11, 309, 311, 3122, 51528], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017102746402516, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003336125984787941}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 295440, 'start': 2977.6800000000003, 'end': 2982.4, 'text': ' useful to really understand and identify what they really are willing to do.', 'tokens': [51528, 4420, 281, 534, 1223, 293, 5876, 437, 436, 534, 366, 4950, 281, 360, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017102746402516, 'compression_ratio': 1.7451923076923077, 'no_speech_prob': 0.003336125984787941}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 298240, 'start': 2983.12, 'end': 2990.1600000000003, 'text': " Concepts as doctrines, it's a little bit more complicated, but it's something that it's also", 'tokens': [50400, 47482, 82, 382, 46040, 1652, 11, 309, 311, 257, 707, 857, 544, 6179, 11, 457, 309, 311, 746, 300, 309, 311, 611, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14414112838273196, 'compression_ratio': 1.5168067226890756, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020349884405732155}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 298240, 'start': 2990.1600000000003, 'end': 2997.6800000000003, 'text': " useful. Hello, Christoph. Hi, Hoken. This was absolutely amazing presentation. I don't know", 'tokens': [50752, 4420, 13, 2425, 11, 2040, 5317, 13, 2421, 11, 389, 8406, 13, 639, 390, 3122, 2243, 5860, 13, 286, 500, 380, 458, 51128], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14414112838273196, 'compression_ratio': 1.5168067226890756, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020349884405732155}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 298240, 'start': 2997.6800000000003, 'end': 3004.0, 'text': " how many times I'm going to have to watch it to understand the entire process. And I mean, that's", 'tokens': [51128, 577, 867, 1413, 286, 478, 516, 281, 362, 281, 1159, 309, 281, 1223, 264, 2302, 1399, 13, 400, 286, 914, 11, 300, 311, 51444], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14414112838273196, 'compression_ratio': 1.5168067226890756, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020349884405732155}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 298240, 'start': 3004.0, 'end': 3010.7200000000003, 'text': ' really mind-bending. Thank you. It was fabulous. Thank you. Thank you so much.', 'tokens': [51444, 534, 1575, 12, 65, 2029, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 467, 390, 17692, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 1044, 291, 370, 709, 13, 51780], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14414112838273196, 'compression_ratio': 1.5168067226890756, 'no_speech_prob': 0.020349884405732155}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 301240, 'start': 3012.88, 'end': 3022.4, 'text': " I, this is another, I will say probably it's weird use of barley mapping, but I have done with", 'tokens': [50388, 286, 11, 341, 307, 1071, 11, 286, 486, 584, 1391, 309, 311, 3657, 764, 295, 47761, 18350, 11, 457, 286, 362, 1096, 365, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1581466372420148, 'compression_ratio': 1.697674418604651, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0176775511354208}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 301240, 'start': 3022.4, 'end': 3028.56, 'text': ' different companies. Well, this one, it was not for me, but I have done with Google. I have done', 'tokens': [50864, 819, 3431, 13, 1042, 11, 341, 472, 11, 309, 390, 406, 337, 385, 11, 457, 286, 362, 1096, 365, 3329, 13, 286, 362, 1096, 51172], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1581466372420148, 'compression_ratio': 1.697674418604651, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0176775511354208}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 301240, 'start': 3028.56, 'end': 3035.6, 'text': ' with, well, with Alphabet. I have done with NVIDIA. I have done also with some of the companies. And', 'tokens': [51172, 365, 11, 731, 11, 365, 967, 20890, 13, 286, 362, 1096, 365, 426, 3958, 6914, 13, 286, 362, 1096, 611, 365, 512, 295, 264, 3431, 13, 400, 51524], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1581466372420148, 'compression_ratio': 1.697674418604651, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0176775511354208}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 303560, 'start': 3035.6, 'end': 3045.36, 'text': ' the point is that when you do in a structured way and you have in your nomenclature things like the', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 935, 307, 300, 562, 291, 360, 294, 257, 18519, 636, 293, 291, 362, 294, 428, 297, 4726, 3474, 1503, 721, 411, 264, 50852], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09397272745768229, 'compression_ratio': 1.6348314606741574, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07395727932453156}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 303560, 'start': 3045.36, 'end': 3053.12, 'text': ' climatic patterns, the doctrines, the gameplays, you are looking for to try to go deeper and deeper', 'tokens': [50852, 5644, 2399, 8294, 11, 264, 46040, 1652, 11, 264, 11421, 82, 11, 291, 366, 1237, 337, 281, 853, 281, 352, 7731, 293, 7731, 51240], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09397272745768229, 'compression_ratio': 1.6348314606741574, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07395727932453156}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 303560, 'start': 3053.12, 'end': 3059.2799999999997, 'text': ' and not just looking at the numbers, which is the one of the bias that so many people fail,', 'tokens': [51240, 293, 406, 445, 1237, 412, 264, 3547, 11, 597, 307, 264, 472, 295, 264, 12577, 300, 370, 867, 561, 3061, 11, 51548], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09397272745768229, 'compression_ratio': 1.6348314606741574, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07395727932453156}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 305928, 'start': 3059.36, 'end': 3066.32, 'text': ' that they are only looking at the past. When you are an investor, you say, okay, the past of this', 'tokens': [50368, 300, 436, 366, 787, 1237, 412, 264, 1791, 13, 1133, 291, 366, 364, 18479, 11, 291, 584, 11, 1392, 11, 264, 1791, 295, 341, 50716], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08371495682260265, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09001878648996353}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 305928, 'start': 3066.32, 'end': 3071.28, 'text': " company is really nice in terms of numbers, but it doesn't mean that they are going to repeat the", 'tokens': [50716, 2237, 307, 534, 1481, 294, 2115, 295, 3547, 11, 457, 309, 1177, 380, 914, 300, 436, 366, 516, 281, 7149, 264, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08371495682260265, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09001878648996353}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 305928, 'start': 3071.28, 'end': 3078.6400000000003, 'text': ' story in the future. So you face the uncertainty. Well, you want to understand that the people', 'tokens': [50964, 1657, 294, 264, 2027, 13, 407, 291, 1851, 264, 15697, 13, 1042, 11, 291, 528, 281, 1223, 300, 264, 561, 51332], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08371495682260265, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09001878648996353}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 305928, 'start': 3079.2000000000003, 'end': 3085.28, 'text': ' managing that organization, they really are doing well and they really have the right behavior.', 'tokens': [51360, 11642, 300, 4475, 11, 436, 534, 366, 884, 731, 293, 436, 534, 362, 264, 558, 5223, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08371495682260265, 'compression_ratio': 1.7232142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09001878648996353}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 308528, 'start': 3085.84, 'end': 3093.92, 'text': ' Mm-hmm. Thank you. Any questions? Perhaps we have time just for one, if there is any.', 'tokens': [50392, 8266, 12, 10250, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 2639, 1651, 30, 10517, 321, 362, 565, 445, 337, 472, 11, 498, 456, 307, 604, 13, 50796], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1627577241644802, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010644487105309963}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 308528, 'start': 3094.8, 'end': 3100.32, 'text': ' And there is a question on the numbers. Have you developed any gameplay options for the future?', 'tokens': [50840, 400, 456, 307, 257, 1168, 322, 264, 3547, 13, 3560, 291, 4743, 604, 11421, 3956, 337, 264, 2027, 30, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1627577241644802, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010644487105309963}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 308528, 'start': 3100.32, 'end': 3104.0800000000004, 'text': ' How could you help Autodesk avoid long-term commoditization?', 'tokens': [51116, 1012, 727, 291, 854, 6049, 4789, 74, 5042, 938, 12, 7039, 19931, 270, 2144, 30, 51304], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1627577241644802, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010644487105309963}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 308528, 'start': 3106.6400000000003, 'end': 3111.52, 'text': ' Okay. The first question, have you developed any gameplay options for the future?', 'tokens': [51432, 1033, 13, 440, 700, 1168, 11, 362, 291, 4743, 604, 11421, 3956, 337, 264, 2027, 30, 51676], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1627577241644802, 'compression_ratio': 1.6875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010644487105309963}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 311152, 'start': 3111.52, 'end': 3124.08, 'text': " Yeah, I think it's actually one question is about what should Autodesk do to thrive in the future", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 286, 519, 309, 311, 767, 472, 1168, 307, 466, 437, 820, 6049, 4789, 74, 360, 281, 21233, 294, 264, 2027, 50992], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14727555094538508, 'compression_ratio': 1.4793814432989691, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00916032213717699}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 311152, 'start': 3124.08, 'end': 3133.7599999999998, 'text': ' and avoid traps? Okay. What I have learned is that they, and here is the point, I did this map', 'tokens': [50992, 293, 5042, 24173, 30, 1033, 13, 708, 286, 362, 3264, 307, 300, 436, 11, 293, 510, 307, 264, 935, 11, 286, 630, 341, 4471, 51476], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14727555094538508, 'compression_ratio': 1.4793814432989691, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00916032213717699}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 311152, 'start': 3133.7599999999998, 'end': 3140.72, 'text': ' and I did this analysis without knowing anything from Autodesk. So I was just looking into the', 'tokens': [51476, 293, 286, 630, 341, 5215, 1553, 5276, 1340, 490, 6049, 4789, 74, 13, 407, 286, 390, 445, 1237, 666, 264, 51824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14727555094538508, 'compression_ratio': 1.4793814432989691, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00916032213717699}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 314072, 'start': 3140.72, 'end': 3148.48, 'text': ' public information and I published that and I received feedback from a couple of people of Autodesk.', 'tokens': [50364, 1908, 1589, 293, 286, 6572, 300, 293, 286, 4613, 5824, 490, 257, 1916, 295, 561, 295, 6049, 4789, 74, 13, 50752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364487425921714, 'compression_ratio': 1.540983606557377, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006255237851291895}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 314072, 'start': 3150.56, 'end': 3157.04, 'text': " And they were, well, one of the feedback was like, oh, I didn't know that all that happened", 'tokens': [50856, 400, 436, 645, 11, 731, 11, 472, 295, 264, 5824, 390, 411, 11, 1954, 11, 286, 994, 380, 458, 300, 439, 300, 2011, 51180], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364487425921714, 'compression_ratio': 1.540983606557377, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006255237851291895}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 314072, 'start': 3158.3199999999997, 'end': 3167.68, 'text': ' and I was there. That was number one. So I probably, the person was like in trying to get', 'tokens': [51244, 293, 286, 390, 456, 13, 663, 390, 1230, 472, 13, 407, 286, 1391, 11, 264, 954, 390, 411, 294, 1382, 281, 483, 51712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11364487425921714, 'compression_ratio': 1.540983606557377, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006255237851291895}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 316768, 'start': 3167.68, 'end': 3173.3599999999997, 'text': ' the things done, but he was not looking at the picture. The second one told me,', 'tokens': [50364, 264, 721, 1096, 11, 457, 415, 390, 406, 1237, 412, 264, 3036, 13, 440, 1150, 472, 1907, 385, 11, 50648], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14258320708023875, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029128406196832657}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 316768, 'start': 3174.72, 'end': 3184.64, 'text': " yes, that was a big nightmare and I was in, and he was looking for that. So I don't know how", 'tokens': [50716, 2086, 11, 300, 390, 257, 955, 18724, 293, 286, 390, 294, 11, 293, 415, 390, 1237, 337, 300, 13, 407, 286, 500, 380, 458, 577, 51212], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14258320708023875, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029128406196832657}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 316768, 'start': 3186.72, 'end': 3192.24, 'text': " they play, I know how they have played the game, but I don't know how they will play the game.", 'tokens': [51316, 436, 862, 11, 286, 458, 577, 436, 362, 3737, 264, 1216, 11, 457, 286, 500, 380, 458, 577, 436, 486, 862, 264, 1216, 13, 51592], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14258320708023875, 'compression_ratio': 1.679245283018868, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029128406196832657}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 319224, 'start': 3192.24, 'end': 3199.4399999999996, 'text': ' But if they play the game in the same way that they have been doing, what they will do is,', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 498, 436, 862, 264, 1216, 294, 264, 912, 636, 300, 436, 362, 668, 884, 11, 437, 436, 486, 360, 307, 11, 50724], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10257252169326997, 'compression_ratio': 1.8246753246753247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007436418440192938}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 319224, 'start': 3200.16, 'end': 3208.0, 'text': ' for instance, they will look, they will not be first movers. They will be followers and they', 'tokens': [50760, 337, 5197, 11, 436, 486, 574, 11, 436, 486, 406, 312, 700, 705, 840, 13, 814, 486, 312, 13071, 293, 436, 51152], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10257252169326997, 'compression_ratio': 1.8246753246753247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007436418440192938}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 319224, 'start': 3208.0, 'end': 3217.3599999999997, 'text': ' will be looking at things like metaverse and they will not be investing money in metaverse in the', 'tokens': [51152, 486, 312, 1237, 412, 721, 411, 19616, 4308, 293, 436, 486, 406, 312, 10978, 1460, 294, 19616, 4308, 294, 264, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10257252169326997, 'compression_ratio': 1.8246753246753247, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007436418440192938}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 321736, 'start': 3217.36, 'end': 3228.88, 'text': ' first place, but they will try to be fast followers because this is what they have done in the past.', 'tokens': [50364, 700, 1081, 11, 457, 436, 486, 853, 281, 312, 2370, 13071, 570, 341, 307, 437, 436, 362, 1096, 294, 264, 1791, 13, 50940], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312604522705078, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03193797916173935}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 321736, 'start': 3229.44, 'end': 3237.6, 'text': ' So if you take them barley gameplay in table, you have this type of gameplay. So I guess that they,', 'tokens': [50968, 407, 498, 291, 747, 552, 47761, 11421, 294, 3199, 11, 291, 362, 341, 2010, 295, 11421, 13, 407, 286, 2041, 300, 436, 11, 51376], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312604522705078, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03193797916173935}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 321736, 'start': 3238.56, 'end': 3245.04, 'text': ' I have not done that map, but I will say that they are trying to be fast follower of the trends', 'tokens': [51424, 286, 362, 406, 1096, 300, 4471, 11, 457, 286, 486, 584, 300, 436, 366, 1382, 281, 312, 2370, 35413, 295, 264, 13892, 51748], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1312604522705078, 'compression_ratio': 1.7209302325581395, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03193797916173935}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 324504, 'start': 3245.04, 'end': 3251.92, 'text': ' that they are coming because they know that their users, if they go to metaverse because they want to', 'tokens': [50364, 300, 436, 366, 1348, 570, 436, 458, 300, 641, 5022, 11, 498, 436, 352, 281, 19616, 4308, 570, 436, 528, 281, 50708], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1245265007019043, 'compression_ratio': 1.6962025316455696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029331792145967484}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 324504, 'start': 3251.92, 'end': 3262.32, 'text': ' use the meta or Facebook environments and they are adopting this new way to consume software or', 'tokens': [50708, 764, 264, 19616, 420, 4384, 12388, 293, 436, 366, 32328, 341, 777, 636, 281, 14732, 4722, 420, 51228], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1245265007019043, 'compression_ratio': 1.6962025316455696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029331792145967484}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 324504, 'start': 3262.32, 'end': 3268.96, 'text': ' products or experiences, then they know that in three, four years that', 'tokens': [51228, 3383, 420, 5235, 11, 550, 436, 458, 300, 294, 1045, 11, 1451, 924, 300, 51560], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1245265007019043, 'compression_ratio': 1.6962025316455696, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029331792145967484}, {'id': 375, 'seek': 326896, 'start': 3269.28, 'end': 3276.48, 'text': ' devon paradox will arrive to their specific niche of work.', 'tokens': [50380, 1905, 266, 26221, 486, 8881, 281, 641, 2685, 19956, 295, 589, 13, 50740], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.39540721430923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5178571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0987456738948822}, {'id': 376, 'seek': 326896, 'start': 3278.7200000000003, 'end': 3284.64, 'text': ' Awesome. Thank you. Thank you for the presentation. Everyone, thank you for participating and for', 'tokens': [50852, 10391, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 1044, 291, 337, 264, 5860, 13, 5198, 11, 1309, 291, 337, 13950, 293, 337, 51148], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.39540721430923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5178571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0987456738948822}, {'id': 377, 'seek': 326896, 'start': 3284.64, 'end': 3294.08, 'text': " watching. I'm Peter Hogan to have you here. And stay in touch. Yep, stay in touch. Thank you. Bye.", 'tokens': [51148, 1976, 13, 286, 478, 6508, 389, 21576, 281, 362, 291, 510, 13, 400, 1754, 294, 2557, 13, 7010, 11, 1754, 294, 2557, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 4621, 13, 51620], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.39540721430923, 'compression_ratio': 1.5178571428571428, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0987456738948822}], 'language': 'en'}, {'text': " A worthy map is a sketch, usually of a business, market, or any other kind of work system. It puts the people the system is for at the top, followed by the benefits the system offers them, and then a chain of needs to describe all the work and how it comes together to provide those benefits. It's a design, or maybe a blueprint. It might be right, it might be wrong, but it's something we can discuss and refine together on paper to make sure everything we do in reality is as purposeful as it can be. These designs will inevitably be put to the test by the forces of capitalism, and no one is exempt, not even governments or nonprofits. So to help us cope, we acknowledge this fact upfront by arranging our blueprint by evolutionary stage, from the uncharted where things are uncertain, high failure, and a gamble, to the industrialized, where things are known, reliable, and standard practice. Awareness of these qualities helps us approach each part of the system deliberately. No one size fits all, only careful, specific intention. But the map is only the beginning. Behind worthy mapping is a deeper strategic thinking process. There are many patterns to learn, principles to practice, and moves to make. Take it one step at a time, for even the smallest new insight can change everything. There's a book and more resources below. Don't be afraid to ask for help, and may your first steps yield many surprises.", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 9.68, 'text': ' A worthy map is a sketch, usually of a business, market, or any other kind of work system.', 'tokens': [50364, 316, 14829, 4471, 307, 257, 12325, 11, 2673, 295, 257, 1606, 11, 2142, 11, 420, 604, 661, 733, 295, 589, 1185, 13, 50848], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10877776814398364, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954732510288066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10062195360660553}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 9.68, 'end': 14.68, 'text': ' It puts the people the system is for at the top, followed by the benefits the system offers', 'tokens': [50848, 467, 8137, 264, 561, 264, 1185, 307, 337, 412, 264, 1192, 11, 6263, 538, 264, 5311, 264, 1185, 7736, 51098], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10877776814398364, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954732510288066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10062195360660553}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 14.68, 'end': 19.68, 'text': ' them, and then a chain of needs to describe all the work and how it comes together to', 'tokens': [51098, 552, 11, 293, 550, 257, 5021, 295, 2203, 281, 6786, 439, 264, 589, 293, 577, 309, 1487, 1214, 281, 51348], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10877776814398364, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954732510288066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10062195360660553}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 0, 'start': 19.68, 'end': 21.8, 'text': ' provide those benefits.', 'tokens': [51348, 2893, 729, 5311, 13, 51454], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10877776814398364, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954732510288066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10062195360660553}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 0, 'start': 21.8, 'end': 24.64, 'text': " It's a design, or maybe a blueprint.", 'tokens': [51454, 467, 311, 257, 1715, 11, 420, 1310, 257, 35868, 13, 51596], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10877776814398364, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954732510288066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10062195360660553}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 0, 'start': 24.64, 'end': 29.2, 'text': " It might be right, it might be wrong, but it's something we can discuss and refine", 'tokens': [51596, 467, 1062, 312, 558, 11, 309, 1062, 312, 2085, 11, 457, 309, 311, 746, 321, 393, 2248, 293, 33906, 51824], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10877776814398364, 'compression_ratio': 1.6954732510288066, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10062195360660553}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 2920, 'start': 29.2, 'end': 36.16, 'text': ' together on paper to make sure everything we do in reality is as purposeful as it can be.', 'tokens': [50364, 1214, 322, 3035, 281, 652, 988, 1203, 321, 360, 294, 4103, 307, 382, 4334, 906, 382, 309, 393, 312, 13, 50712], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14657136582836663, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007575029972940683}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 2920, 'start': 36.16, 'end': 41.16, 'text': ' These designs will inevitably be put to the test by the forces of capitalism, and no one', 'tokens': [50712, 1981, 11347, 486, 28171, 312, 829, 281, 264, 1500, 538, 264, 5874, 295, 19704, 11, 293, 572, 472, 50962], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14657136582836663, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007575029972940683}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 2920, 'start': 41.16, 'end': 45.04, 'text': ' is exempt, not even governments or nonprofits.', 'tokens': [50962, 307, 30425, 11, 406, 754, 11280, 420, 42851, 13, 51156], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14657136582836663, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007575029972940683}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 2920, 'start': 45.04, 'end': 50.96, 'text': ' So to help us cope, we acknowledge this fact upfront by arranging our blueprint by evolutionary', 'tokens': [51156, 407, 281, 854, 505, 22598, 11, 321, 10692, 341, 1186, 30264, 538, 5539, 9741, 527, 35868, 538, 27567, 51452], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14657136582836663, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007575029972940683}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 2920, 'start': 50.96, 'end': 56.96, 'text': ' stage, from the uncharted where things are uncertain, high failure, and a gamble, to the', 'tokens': [51452, 3233, 11, 490, 264, 33686, 47350, 689, 721, 366, 11308, 11, 1090, 7763, 11, 293, 257, 44128, 11, 281, 264, 51752], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14657136582836663, 'compression_ratio': 1.6141732283464567, 'no_speech_prob': 0.007575029972940683}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 5696, 'start': 56.96, 'end': 62.8, 'text': ' industrialized, where things are known, reliable, and standard practice.', 'tokens': [50364, 9987, 1602, 11, 689, 721, 366, 2570, 11, 12924, 11, 293, 3832, 3124, 13, 50656], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11694440948829223, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033762671519070864}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 5696, 'start': 62.8, 'end': 67.24, 'text': ' Awareness of these qualities helps us approach each part of the system deliberately.', 'tokens': [50656, 43949, 1287, 295, 613, 16477, 3665, 505, 3109, 1184, 644, 295, 264, 1185, 23506, 13, 50878], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11694440948829223, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033762671519070864}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 5696, 'start': 67.24, 'end': 72.0, 'text': ' No one size fits all, only careful, specific intention.', 'tokens': [50878, 883, 472, 2744, 9001, 439, 11, 787, 5026, 11, 2685, 7789, 13, 51116], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11694440948829223, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033762671519070864}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 5696, 'start': 72.0, 'end': 74.36, 'text': ' But the map is only the beginning.', 'tokens': [51116, 583, 264, 4471, 307, 787, 264, 2863, 13, 51234], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11694440948829223, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033762671519070864}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 5696, 'start': 74.36, 'end': 78.0, 'text': ' Behind worthy mapping is a deeper strategic thinking process.', 'tokens': [51234, 20475, 14829, 18350, 307, 257, 7731, 10924, 1953, 1399, 13, 51416], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11694440948829223, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033762671519070864}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 5696, 'start': 78.0, 'end': 82.72, 'text': ' There are many patterns to learn, principles to practice, and moves to make.', 'tokens': [51416, 821, 366, 867, 8294, 281, 1466, 11, 9156, 281, 3124, 11, 293, 6067, 281, 652, 13, 51652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11694440948829223, 'compression_ratio': 1.5731707317073171, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0033762671519070864}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 8272, 'start': 82.72, 'end': 88.48, 'text': ' Take it one step at a time, for even the smallest new insight can change everything.', 'tokens': [50364, 3664, 309, 472, 1823, 412, 257, 565, 11, 337, 754, 264, 16998, 777, 11269, 393, 1319, 1203, 13, 50652], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1777656445136437, 'compression_ratio': 1.3758389261744965, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5381889343261719}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 8272, 'start': 88.48, 'end': 91.08, 'text': " There's a book and more resources below.", 'tokens': [50652, 821, 311, 257, 1446, 293, 544, 3593, 2507, 13, 50782], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1777656445136437, 'compression_ratio': 1.3758389261744965, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5381889343261719}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 8272, 'start': 91.08, 'end': 95.36, 'text': " Don't be afraid to ask for help, and may your first steps yield many surprises.", 'tokens': [50782, 1468, 380, 312, 4638, 281, 1029, 337, 854, 11, 293, 815, 428, 700, 4439, 11257, 867, 22655, 13, 50996], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1777656445136437, 'compression_ratio': 1.3758389261744965, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5381889343261719}], 'language': 'en'}, {'text': " We're live. Kia ora and good evening everybody. Welcome to the Limited Work Society Meetup for the 22nd of October 2020. Tonight's Meetup is on strategy development with the Wardley Maps and we're very pleased to be co-hosting today's session with Ben and Daniel from Australia. Ben and Daniel co-organise the Australian Kanban Meetups in Sydney and Australia and Ben is also the host of the Wardley Meetup in Melbourne. So we've got some great Australian Kanban Meetups in Sydney and Australia. Together we have brought together some incredible talents from the community in Hamburg, Germany. And these talents are going to introduce us to the strategy cycle and Wardley Map and show us how to make use of these. So I would like to introduce and welcome Martheus, an agile coach and Kanban coach. Martheus, an agile coach and entrepreneur and Florian who comes from product management and he's currently working as a service delivery manager. So I would like to kick off and I believe I'm going to hand over to Florian. Alright, so hello from Hamburg or near Hamburg and I will tell you together with Martheus and Matthias a little bit about strategy development with Wardley Maps. I hope you can see my screen. My presentation. Yep. Yes. Alright, wonderful. So strategy development with Wardley Maps. Yeah, what are we going to do today? I have prepared a little agenda and yeah, we start with this short introduction and the strategy cycle. Then I will tell you a bit about how to make Wardley Maps. And then we are going to dive a little bit deeper into Wardley mapping, the process of working with the Wardley Map and examining landscape climatic patterns. We will have a look at doctrine and then the gameplay afterwards. If you take your ways and at the end we'll have a Q&A. Regarding questions, feel free to post questions in the chat or to chime in and ask them. I think Pipps will have a look at the chat and chime in and give me a hint if there are any questions for further that I can answer along the way. Alright. I've stumbled upon a tweet a few weeks ago, which for me perfectly describes what we can use Wardley Maps for. And I would like to cite that. Developing shared mental models for a problem creates a context within which decisions can be made, exploiting the cognitive resources of the entire group. Explicit shared models assure that everyone is solving the same problem. So that's what Wardley Maps and Wardley mapping is for me. With a Wardley Map we have a shared artifact that everybody can look at and where we can start discussions and challenge assumptions and talk about the meta at hand. So a few notes about Simon Wardley, the creator of the technique of Wardley mapping and the Wardley Maps. Simon used to be a CIO and CEO at a small company called Fortango in the early 2000s, went afterwards to Canonical and helped Canonical as the parent company of the operating system Ubuntu. And there he helped to raise the market share of the operating system market for Ubuntu from 3% to 70%. And his time at Fortango was very challenging for him and that led him to the development of the Wardley mapping technique. Because he had one problem at Fortango, that being that he was the CEO of the company but didn't really have a clue what to do and how the company should be evolving in the future. And the company was doing quite okay and didn't really have a problem. But he for himself realized that he didn't really know how to move along a little way and how to develop a strategy for developing the business quarter. So he exchanged himself with other people and one thing he realized was that nearly everybody else was taking his way along and just working with buzzword strategies and also quite curious and no situational awareness or knowledge of the meta at hand. So something like this strategy was something that he encountered all the time. But for example, our strategy is innovative. We will lead a customer focus effort of the market through our use of Internet of Things and social media to build a digital business by being both cloud based and secure. Our agile approach will drive value throughout the organization synergies between our ecosystem and virtual reality will enable us to capture the upside by becoming collaborative in an open world. These transformations combined with and learning organization Utah leaders will create an insight from data through platform and data leaders. This is no actual strategy but a made up strategy which you can look up for example under the link I provided below on the slide. Each time you refresh that page and you generate a new strategy will be generated and filled with buzzwords. So it's just not enough to tell a compelling story and add some fancy words in it, but you really need to know what you're doing in strategy and to get an overview of the landscape and the environment you are competing in. So that lets Simon to dive a little bit deeper into strategy and the like. And the first thing he stumbled upon was the art of war by Zun Tzu. And there he found the five factors which built the basis of a strategy cycle being purpose, which is the moral imperative, the reason why we are doing things. Landscape, the environment and context we move and live in the climate as the third factor which influences this environment. The fourth factor is doctrine which are used generally useful principles of organization. You could also call them best practices I guess. And the fifth in consequence being leadership and the making decisions and moving along. He overlaid those five factors with the Uda loop by John Boyd, which starts with the game corresponding to the purpose also the reason why we do things or why we engage in an activity. Then comes the first O being observed, which targets at landscape and climate moves you orient yourself then with doctor the help of doctrine. And in the last step and you through leadership you decide what to do and act. The last element of the strategy cycle are the two why's and you have two different why's. The first why being the why of purpose why we do things. And the second why the why of movement, why we engage in certain activities and rather follow one activity and neglecting another or choosing one over the other. And this also helps with the situational awareness and what the maps the artifact of itself is targeted at the landscape factors. So what the map presents us with an overview of the current environment and the situation in which we exist. So that leads to what the maps. I like to compare the map itself with with a chessboard. And because the elements on the chessboard and on a body map are quite similar. If I look at the notation of party of chess. And I leave out the contextual information being the position of the pieces. Then the notation becomes rather meaningless. So I need to have the information where the pieces are located on the board to derive a strategy from the chess game. So the important factors here are it has to be visual. I have to have context where in relation to the other pieces are my pieces on the board. So I have a vision and movement. And that leads all together to having a huge or large amount of situation awareness. So I can learn how to play chess and how to get better and develop better strategies. I have a few examples for what the maps. This is the most common example or most popular example of a wadley map. The famous tea shop example and is described a tea shop business. So the business serves to to to anchors being the public who wants to buy a want to buy a cup of tea and the business who wants to sell a cup of tea. So for making a cup of tea, I need of course a cup, I need tea, I need stuff to sell it, I need hot water, for hot water I need water, a kettle and power. So this is the value chain and we can see that we have an X and a Y axis. So the Y axis representing the visibility of the components to the anchors and the Y at the X axis being the evolution axis determining or telling us how evolved component on the value chain is. So we can see on this map, for example, that the kettle is in the area of custom build, which is a little bit astonishing because normally you could buy a standard kettle for not very much money, nearly everywhere. And so you can now start, for example, to challenge this map and to look at it and start asking questions and for example, challenging the fact that the kettle is custom build. So the reason for that might be that the kestrel is the distinguishing factor for the business and or maybe something the shop owner brought back from a trip to Turkey and he loved the kettle so much or inherited it from somewhere. Anyway, there are many possible reasons for the kettle being in the area of custom build, but we can also try and ask questions how we can, for example, maybe serve more customers. If I only have one custom build kettle, maybe it would be a good alternative to switch over to commoditized kettles or mass mass fabricated kettles and therefore may be being able to grow the business open more stores and serve more customers. But a waddley map doesn't always have to look as polished as that. These are also good examples of waddley maps and good examples for generating waddley maps as a short scribble and working with others and just noting the single components of the kettle. Another example for waddley maps I would like to show is from Ben Moser and what I would like to show here is that waddley maps are not static but that they evolve. So the addition of components and conversation with others, the map changes. And when we look at the first version, we know what he wants to do, he wants to build a mapping quick reference, therefore needs content, display framework and hosting. And after talking to Tashin Fogelman, there were a few elements added like for example for the content, they would use templates, standard data set and templating framework for example. So waddley map is never a static artifact but is always evolving and changing. So in short, how do we make a waddley map? First of all, we start with the need and important there it is to focus on the user needs and not your own or your company needs but determine what really serves the user. So and the assumption is that we generate value by meeting the needs of others. So that's the first step, we determine what the user needs. Next, we need to determine which components are needed to fulfill and meet the user needs. So in this step, we build a value chain and order the components by visibility for the user. In the third step, we determine how evolved those components are. So we have four areas on the evolution axis being genesis for completely new stuff which is in a very early stage and very novel and unexplored. Then we have custom build where these things or product services are replicated but also quite individual characteristic. Then comes a product where we are dealing with standardization and also growing competition and the last area being commodity where we have commoditized products that are highly standardized and like for example power from the war socket. In case we are not really sure on in which stage our single component is located Simon Wadley has also provided a sheet sheet and where you can look up and determine in which area of the evolution axis and the component would fit best. In the fourth step, you work with methods and try to determine which methods are useful for the components and which to apply to which component. So for example for commoditized components you would try to outsource them to utility suppliers or in case you are utility supplier yourself, then you would use appropriate methods like for example Six Sigma to reduce deviation and reduce waste. And in the middle of standard products you would try to use as many as many, wait sorry I clicked one time too much. You would try to use off the shelf products and for example use lean techniques and in the upper left where the sources of value and worth are located you would try to use agile techniques and to build them in house. In the last step you try and look at the map and you try to manipulate your environment and your business and to evolve it further and to try to gain a competitive advantage and have a look at how you can evolve and change things in your favor. So this was the process, this was how to generate a Wadley map and the process of Wadley mapping also assembles those steps. So the first thing is after we have a Wadley map that we have a look at the landscape and a Wadley map always consists of an anchor which in this case is the customer. It shows position of the components relative to each other and we also can anticipate movement how things will change and evolve in the future. This exact sample is the online photo service for Tango, it's from the online photo service for Tango back in 2005 I think and that was one of the first maps that Simon Wadley generated and there you can see the components of the online photo service business as it was passed then. So the customer wanted to access the online photo service and use a few and had a few needs which were online image manipulation for example they wanted to store their photos. They wanted to be able to print them or on my for example mouse pads or t-shirts. They needed a website for that which itself relied on a CRM and a platform. Those elements related to compute and of course a data center and the least visible and most commoditized thing power. So these were the essential components and you always have to look out to not include too many components on a map. It's a little bit like reduced to the max so you have to look out for the most essential elements that you need to represent on that map to be able to solve your problem. So next thing is that you have climatic patterns which have an effect on the landscape and your environment and yourself. So climatic patterns are patterns that are also widely observable like standard things or most common things that you really have no choice about. For example everything evolves through demand, supply and demand competition. So as soon as you move in the market and have a product in the market and have competition then it's nearly inevitable that components evolve because somebody builds for example a car with an electric motor instead of a combustion engine. So you always force to also evolve so that you can keep up with the pace. Problem there is that you suffer from inertia which is due to past success. So if you were very successful like for example Volkswagen with combustion engines in the past they have inertia to change and need some competitor like for example Tesla to convince them that they need to move forward also. Through the process of evolution you also gain efficiency which on the other hand then enables innovation and together with the fact that everything evolves and you gain efficiency you can then develop higher order systems which create new sorts of value. Yes so these are a few climatic patterns the most important for. There are a few more nearly 40 in total I think. Oh another important one is no one size fits all means that you should not inflict one single method on the whole company because depending on what matter you are dealing with and in which area of the evolution axis. This component or factor is located you need to utilize different techniques and methods. So as I mentioned before when you are dealing with highly commoditized component you are best. You are best on the way using six sigma when you use standard products and you go with lean and for you new stuff and. You use agile techniques and try to build them in the house. So this is the table of climatic patterns which Simon generated so I've highlighted the five that we dealt with. Already everything involves to supply and demand competition using the method fits all higher order systems create new sources of value efficiency enables innovation and succeed a success breeds inertia. There are a few more important ones for example characteristics change as components evolve. Which is due to the fact that when something is very on the very far left of the water map. It has a different characteristic as when it is located on the very far right because on the far left we have novel things. They are they are rare they are new they are unchallenged and on the very far left we have very established things very common widely available and a lot of people know how to deal with it. We have no choice over evolution as soon as we suffer from competition there will always be evolution and we have to react to that. So the next thing in the process of what you mapping is and the strategy cycle that we deal with doctrine a short question pip are there already questions. We've had a really interesting query from Hendrik on our live stream he's just querying with this work or how would this work for a service instead of a product. The question again please how this would work. How would it work how would mapping work for a service instead of a product that is being delivered. Okay, and what you mapping works as well for a service as it does for a product. Because we also have, we can determine the stage of evolution also for a service, and we can also determine what we need to provide what we need to provide the service so what we mapping works for nearly everything. Yeah, I hope that answers the other jumping. Yes, from my point of view. It's also made for services because you are trying to meet a real customers need with a service. And you have also some components and maybe we are talking about the pizza delivery service for example not about a pizza but about the service. And then you have different components and they are at a different stage for example, and they are evolving. And maybe you can just use some cars to bring the pizza to some guys, or maybe you want to have an electric scooter or something like this, which is maybe some other kind of location location. It's not maybe not commodity as a car maybe it's just a new rising products, which you use to make your service even more environment friendly or something like this. These are just all decisions, strategic decisions you can make. And I think, maybe that's an example just from my point of view. Okay, I hope that answers the question. If not, I would like. What was the name Henry, I think I would like to ask the the Henry to post the question maybe a little bit more with a little bit more detail. Alright, so the next thing we deal with, as I said on the strategy cycle and the process of what the mapping is doctrine. So we remember that doctrine are used generally useful principles for organizing for organizing an organization and that you can rely on and make use of. So a few of those a few of those principles are for example focus on user needs, which is, I think the most important one, whereas I just read a tweet from Simon last night, where he talked about the fact that the that it doesn't, or it is not sufficient to just focus on user needs and that this topic is evolving and he will revise his doctrine table in the near future. And so I'm very, very keen on finding out how this will change but anyway, for the moment being, and I think that's still very valid. The most important thing is to focus on user needs. Next thing, for example, is to think fast and inexpensive restraint and elegant to think small, for example, as in teams, I think the two pizza teams from Amazon are quite famous and to use appropriate methods, which also relies to the climatic pattern that using a method fits all. And so you have to use the appropriate methods in your organization, depending on what depending on what kind of component in which kind of in which stage of the evolution you are dealing with. So this is the table with the doctrine list, the doctrine list with the four doctrines we just covered highlighted. And there are also a few more, like for example be transparent, which means that you should be most as open as possible. And also, and also there the monthly the water map is a prominent example for that. If you have a water map and you share it with others and you invite them to challenge and discuss your actual state of knowledge. And also involved because you've you've sparked a discussion and challenge your assumptions. Another one being user common language necessary for collaboration. And that for example finance and it don't understand each other. And which makes it sometimes quite complicated for them to work together and also and there's also a thing also a point where a water map can be of use, because you also have you again have a single artifact. And if you look at the map and you know how a map looks like, you immediately have the common language, for example, if I talk about the upper left or the lower right, everybody knows if he knows how a monthly map looks like what I'm talking about. And all again, not only in teams but also as you know the details so the better your knowledge of of matters and facts is the more advantage you have to provide purpose mastery and autonomy, like Daniel pink drive. And I can see. Think aptitude and attitude. Meaning that you have to have the right people in the right positions. And the right skills at hand. And of course that you decide for constant design for constant evolution. So these are. So I'm a what we also says that before you try to inflict too many changes, or to make two quick reactions. You have to fix your doctrine first, meaning that you have to have the right organization principles established throughout the organization. So the last step is the act of leadership or gameplay. And that is the question, for example, where to invest. And then back to the online photo service, which was doing quite well, as Simon said, but they could anticipate that soon they would have competitors and the whole thing of the main business would move further right become more evolved. And so the it was. It was already visible that there were changes, changes ahead and changes to the business model and they would need a new strategy. So they were confronted with the question, where should they invest or where should they make strategic investments. And what should they rely upon as a future business. So you have quite a few areas where you could invest, for example, on top the main business at that time, or maybe everywhere where compute is and the data processing was taking place. And yeah, I have multiple points where possible investments could be made. We have a question for you, Florian. It is from Maru must these two axes really always be the same. It seems to be quite limiting. No, they don't. Then it is quite common to use different different descriptions for the evolution access. And you also don't have to have a Y access at all. The Y axis visibility is only an aid and helps people starting out with mapping. And if you don't want to use it, you don't have to. And regarding the X axis, there are a few other quite common descriptions for the different stages, which are also interchangeable. There is an over view by Simon with the possible names and descriptions that depends on what you're doing with, whether you're dealing with data with the knowledge or with products, services, whatever. You also can map a thicker or political things and just change the access description. It is also quite common to not use Genesis custom build product or commodity, but just use the Roman numerals one, two, three, and four, and just to make or just to represent that there is an evolution taking place, which you can also see in, for example, knowledge or politics, whatever. I hope that answers that question. Otherwise just go ahead. And he had another question from Anthony. And he was asking if, for example, a power supplyer, if he's commodity all the time, or if you look into the company of itself, maybe he's also dealing with some agile things, for example, maybe he wants to try out. Maybe he wants to try out some solar power generator or whatever. And I hope I said it right and the otherwise please interrupt me or correct me please. And, and from my perspective, it's a matter of the anchor. So if you are with your company, you are you are trying to deserve a customer lead, and you are just want the power be there in the company and you want to plug some some plugs in. And that's that's just the outsourced thing, because you just pay the bill for your power supplier. And if you're zooming in, in the company of the power supplier, then there's another anchor, because the power supplier will serve another need. And it's not your need of your customers, but it's a customer needs of the power supplier. So and for sure he's he's allowed to experiment. If you want to say so and for sure there are things that are evolving and so and but I think it's important where the need is. For example, if I I don't know, I have no example right at hand but for me, power is really a commodity. And I expect 99% availability, for example, and if if the if my power supplier would experiment I want him that the 99% availability is guaranteed for sure. So and maybe some startup could experiment and they say oh we are just in beta version or alpha version or something like this, then I don't expect the 99% availability, for example. So maybe that helped Anthony. The original question actually was, is the talking about the different methods of managing so you know you talk about managing the stuff that's in Genesis and custom with HR methods and product and commodity with you know lean or six six six signal methods. The question is sort of managed from whose perspective so if I'm purchasing, if I'm building this thing, but I'm purchasing data center and purchasing power. I'm not really managing those servers so I'm just trying to understand what that what that that managing perspective is. So is that thought around the visibility to invisibility. All right that visibility is from whose perspective it's the customers perspective. Right so the stuff that is up the top. The actual power, for example, is is it's a commodity but it's, and that's what's at the visible end of the spectrum but all the things that sit below it might be further further to the left but they're further down more towards invisible to the customer right. Yeah, what is also quite notable is that each component can also be a map of its own. So that's like that came out in the discussion just or in the questions right now. When you are the power provider yourself, then you have a completely unique map for the power generation and the whole business and that you can dive into nearly every component and build a map of its own. So if you think of everything like fractals, you know, and that they get smaller and smaller, which is why in order to make sense of this I will try to figure out find a tool that might really help and I came across kumu.io. And in fact, Simon Wardley and what's his name Ben Moisia actually actually set up a template in kumu.io specifically for wardley mapping because you can do infinite zoom in and infinite zoom out so you can you can follow that fractal pattern. Again, with that with that with the lens of visible invisible and the maturity of the stage of the product or component. That sounds great. Very interesting. And just sort of a kind of a related question is the position of the anchor meaningful so in other words, you know, electricity for as as the output from the power company's perspective they're providing it as a commodity but I guess other organizations may be providing their thing in the frame of a product or even in the frame of custom built in Genesis. So is that meaningful. The anchor should always be on top but doesn't necessarily have to be, for example, the map of mapping which I used for the very first interest slide. There the anchor is located. Yeah, at nearly at the top but not at the top most. And if you're talking about the X axis for for me. For me it's it's very it's very important because I think if you want to have context and a landscape, then you should think about okay is this need evolving. Maybe it's about electric scooter or something like this, or is this need already evolved its commodity its commodity needs maybe power supply or power. Power. All right. Questions answer to answer so far. Okay, then I just carry on. Yeah, we were at the at the point where we have to make strategic decisions and to ask ourselves, where would it be best to invest. And that was also the question that Simon Wadley was or found himself confronted with in 2005 when he looked for a future for his business. So, you then can apply also gameplay. Yeah, come to context specific gameplays. And he also, for example, or a few examples here. He always finds it quite useful to apply open approaches and another one being fear uncertainty and doubt. So, what does that mean at the question at hand for for tango. He decided to move the platform from product into commodity and by building a platform as a service service. So, to provide his future customers with as many as application as and users for the platform as possible. He open source open sourced it and invited other developers to develop applications for that platform. And being 2005, he utilize the insecurity of other players in the market with fear and certainty and doubt that they were not really sure whether cloud services or general generally and platform as a service services, were already a thing and was the actually the first platform as a service who made a platform widely accessible and I think 2006 with a company called Zimki. And but that unfortunate, although Zimki was quite successful. They seized operation in 2007 because the parent company of Fotango and Zimki didn't want to pursue the endeavors any further and so the company had to close although it was quite profitable and had a growing customer basis. And what we can learn from that is that he changed the business model completely from operating and online photo service to providing platform as a service and providing applications for other users and customers. So that's like, for example, with Nokia Nokia also I think they made shoes at one time and then became became and providers of network hardware and then many manufacturers of smartphones and all mobile phones, not smartphones. That's the thing that they missed. So you always have to look and see how you can make changes to your services for product, your business and by by orienting yourself in the landscape and seeing what you can make use of to gain strategic advantages or maybe to reinvent yourself. Also, Simon has a list for context specific play also about 40 things or 40 items where you can have a look at and determine what might be suitable to to utilize for your service and in your market. So back to the strategy cycle. We just went one. We just want went one time around. And so what you do is you decide on your strategy you act, and then you reiterate that strategy cycle and repeated as often and fast as possible. So the faster you can go through that strategy cycle, the better you can react to changing conditions and you're to a better to a changing environment. So a few takeaways. It's not about the maps. It's about the conversations that you have around those maps the challenges, the interaction with others, because only if you work together in a group and try to work together with as many people as possible, you really can generate valuable insights and develop the best most strategy for your product service or business. Another overview so where you use more or what that what the maps and what the mapping makes use of quite a few different things you observe you communicate you take action you learn. You have different patterns and challenges and scenarios at hand and you have you have something that helps you make the best decisions. There's one important quote from Simon that I don't want to leave out here. All maps are imperfect and all models are wrong and someone will always make a better map. And that it's not perfect and it's not about perfection. It's just about making things visible and to to gain situational awareness and an overview of the challenges at hand. So how do you learn strategy with a water mapping. So before you can learn to read maps, which is relatively easy. You can learn to make maps which is medium difficult, gets better than more you do it, and learn to use maps and in the process of what the mapping, which is not very easy and takes a lot of sustained effort. It's the best thing is just to go and do it. Because as you move along the way the better you get. Another possibility can you can learn the strategy cycle by by reading or by learning the words of soon to and John Boyd. You can learn landscape by reading and make maps and learn and use climatic patterns. The same for doctrine and at last gameplay. Simon himself has a few recommendations he has recommends the course by the leading edge for forum or the pragmatic water mapping course by Ben Moja. So a wonderful list over at GitHub with some water mapping resources and of course his book which is freely available or medium for you to read, not quite finished yet, but with I think already 1818 or 19 chapters and valuable resource. That brings me to the last point on the agenda, which is question and answers. So feel free to hit us up. All the great works to you, Florian in the chat and if you can see the chat people saying great presentation. Thank you very much. Really good. Cool. Welcome. Very welcome. Pleasure. Thanks. It's the first time I see this and there's a lot to it. Yes, definitely, definitely took me mapping and it's you know, you get up like that. It takes a bit more training I reckon and a bit more using. Definitely. It took me years to dive deeper into the stuff. But I thought I am when I saw it for the first time I have just found a fascinating and near genius. And then I dug a little bit deeper but yet to understand how those things and the single steps of the water mapping process and the strategy cycle are related takes quite a bit of time. But it's worth the time. Exactly. And the good thing is you can start right away. There's no right or wrong. You're just getting better and better. So there's no need to wait years to begin. Just jump in and start and discover your way through. Yeah, I agree. I mean, even if you just start thinking about that concept, not everything has to be perfectly built. Just thinking about these concepts. No matter how embryonic will generate some good discussion and some challenging, which is always good. And we've had another question in the chat window. Yeah, from Rahul in India. In the tea shop example. Why is the cup of tea not custom built, but a product on the X axis? Yeah, it's a good question. First of all, I would say because Simon put it there. But yeah, we can think about that and discuss it. Probably because the cup of tea, the cup is available at other stores and quite common. I will figure that in England and you have quite a few tea stores. And so that would probably be the reason. But you can also, for example, if you have a mouth blown hand painted cup and homegrown tea leaves from the winter garden or glass house. It might be in a different area. It depends on how common the thing is that you provide. So if your tea and the cup you serve it in look nearly like the ones over at Starbucks, I would say it's in the very far right of product. So Florian, is it is the question there? Is it is it also not only about how the organization can produce said product or item, but also the markets ability to understand the item in terms of how they would use it, how they would consume it? Yes, for example, you would if you would put an iPhone on the Wadley map in comparison to an Android smartphone. The iPhone would be in another area of the evolution axis, because the iPhone provides you with the different you've experienced, for example, as an Android smartphone, which also, which is also a reason why Apple can charge a higher price for an iPhone. So you can differentiate yourself by by putting things in different stages of the evolution axis. We've got another couple of questions for you, Florian. What empirical evidence do we have about how well Wadley maps work and which domains they work best in? Good question. I don't know. Better ask Simon, I think. I know that Mark Kredog from the United Nations uses them. I know that they were used in some government projects in Great Britain. But I don't have any empirical evidence at hand. Sorry. And we know that some startups in Hamburg are using Wadley maps. And I know from my own experience that that's some bigger companies which are operating worldwide are using Wadley maps. So it's the tool that you can use by your own if you want to evolve your own business, your one-managed so or you can evolve your whole big worldwide company or even the state if you would like. And yeah, Amazon or Adrian Cockroft at Amazon Web Services uses Wadley maps. Oh, Helen tells us that she believes Spark New Zealand is also using Wadley maps. It gains traction. It's definitely getting some more attention and it's getting more widespread. Maru, the owner of that question would also like to know how do you use Wadley maps and product development and agile teams at which level? What was the last bit? Sorry. At what level? At what level? I know that my company, a few departments use Wadley maps for product management. Just to and I do it also myself to generate an overview and just to have a representation of the states, the components of my individual services are in and to anticipate change. For example, I work in IT infrastructure dealing with client devices and client device services and there the thing bring your own devices, for example, thing and the question. And when you look at IT infrastructure in the past 20 years, there already have been quite a few changes and the way that you provide those services for your customers and that you can also and so to be able to predict or anticipate, not predict, anticipate the future. Wadley maps can be really of help. And in addition, I experienced one agile product development team in software development, which used all the Wadley maps to differentiate themselves from the competitors, for example. So they generated a Wadley map for two competitors. And they also said, okay, what do we have to change? Where are they evolving to or towards which maybe sector of the X axis and then you could do better or more informed decisions. And you can provide the purpose and the why because maybe just one hint that strategy is the movement in most companies I experienced strategy is just a PowerPoint and maybe a meeting. And what's missing in most cases from my experience is, first of all, the context. What are we in? And what are what components, even on high level are depending on each other and where are we now? Maybe you can just grab into your strategies from your companies. The thing is, where are we now and why we want to move there? That's mostly missing from my experience. My experience, what has been mostly missing, I spent seven years in strategy consulting technology and had a anyways, and what is mostly missing is the strategy itself, which is how do I get to what goal and what are my, my various paths across this labyrinth of possibilities or endless number of possibilities. And at best you get one time strategy snapshot in time thrown at your face associated with a huge investment in a big transformation. So you put all your eggs in one basket. And at best maybe three, four additional tactics in how to deal with particular aspects and optimize micro pockets of challenges. And that's what people call 500 decks, slight decks of strategy and, you know, engage the whole organization in three years, transformations upon that's what is taught at MBA schools. Yeah. And that's the problem because you have no written, you don't have situational, situational awareness, you just have buzzwords and a lot of stories. And in addition, the problem is that you have to go, go more deep into detail. You can have a high level strategy for sure you can say hey we want to be more agile whatever. And the missing part, as you mentioned, or as I understood is that nobody has a clue how and this this how is the most important part for the levels beneath because the maybe the CEOs don't have all the situation awareness or all the knowledge about each context. They just know, okay, we have to move there, for example, and all the other parts should do the inspection and they should generate a landscape and they should generate the whole value chain from their perspective and apply the how so the movement, so to say, how they want to achieve the certain point. The how is one big blind spot there but also how to play the game, what are the possible follow up moves, and then how to update them because on a slide deck you can do it plus whenever you try to do stuff like that is called it's too complex to overblown nobody's going to understand it stop there. So nobody does really strategy if you look at other ways to the strategy which are playbooks if you look at basketball coaches football coaches playbooks. That's exactly what it tried to do just watch what playbooks are open and published about basketball playbooks games you will see they draw similar things to what limits but just on a basketball court. Yeah. Again, so to age and awareness. All right, any further questions. There was the question before if you can share the slides. Yeah, definitely. I just wanted to say a few more words on the slides. I have created a PDF. I would send it to Ben if I can not upload it myself to the to the meet update or meet up event. And I've included a little bit more and just want to walk through that in a few seconds. I have included a bonus on doctrine, if different presentation of Simon's of Simon's doctrine patterns, and where you can have a look at a link for doctrine online where you can. Yeah, incorporate the doctrine patterns and have a look how well the doctrine patterns, for example, present in your organization. I have included a few resources like learn more than mapping.com Simon's books Eric does book, the book from Eric shun, which is also highly recommended the courses and a great talk by cats with tell on how to start mapping. And then you can see a few YouTube playlists, one in German for German speakers, one and a general playlist and yeah, two more. The two YouTube channels by one by Ben Moser and the other one, the Wallimap channel. And yeah, that's right. You can also contact us on Twitter. And we would be happy if you reach out to us and get in touch. I will load up the slides as a PDF. And that was was it from me. Thank you for having me. Well done. Thank you.", 'segments': [{'id': 0, 'seek': 0, 'start': 0.0, 'end': 10.0, 'text': " We're live.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 434, 1621, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.5331084660121372, 'compression_ratio': 1.1111111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17557720839977264}, {'id': 1, 'seek': 0, 'start': 10.0, 'end': 22.0, 'text': ' Kia ora and good evening everybody.', 'tokens': [50864, 45505, 33714, 293, 665, 5634, 2201, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.5331084660121372, 'compression_ratio': 1.1111111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17557720839977264}, {'id': 2, 'seek': 0, 'start': 22.0, 'end': 28.0, 'text': ' Welcome to the Limited Work Society Meetup for the 22nd of October 2020.', 'tokens': [51464, 4027, 281, 264, 43231, 6603, 13742, 22963, 1010, 337, 264, 5853, 273, 295, 7617, 4808, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.5331084660121372, 'compression_ratio': 1.1111111111111112, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17557720839977264}, {'id': 3, 'seek': 2800, 'start': 28.0, 'end': 33.0, 'text': " Tonight's Meetup is on strategy development with the Wardley Maps", 'tokens': [50364, 18702, 311, 22963, 1010, 307, 322, 5206, 3250, 365, 264, 23794, 3420, 28978, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017918586730957, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23344066739082336}, {'id': 4, 'seek': 2800, 'start': 33.0, 'end': 40.0, 'text': " and we're very pleased to be co-hosting today's session with Ben and Daniel from Australia.", 'tokens': [50614, 293, 321, 434, 588, 10587, 281, 312, 598, 12, 6037, 278, 965, 311, 5481, 365, 3964, 293, 8033, 490, 7060, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017918586730957, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23344066739082336}, {'id': 5, 'seek': 2800, 'start': 40.0, 'end': 46.0, 'text': ' Ben and Daniel co-organise the Australian Kanban Meetups in Sydney and Australia', 'tokens': [50964, 3964, 293, 8033, 598, 12, 12372, 908, 264, 13337, 11120, 5144, 22963, 7528, 294, 21065, 293, 7060, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017918586730957, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23344066739082336}, {'id': 6, 'seek': 2800, 'start': 46.0, 'end': 51.0, 'text': ' and Ben is also the host of the Wardley Meetup in Melbourne.', 'tokens': [51264, 293, 3964, 307, 611, 264, 3975, 295, 264, 23794, 3420, 22963, 1010, 294, 27496, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017918586730957, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23344066739082336}, {'id': 7, 'seek': 2800, 'start': 51.0, 'end': 57.0, 'text': " So we've got some great Australian Kanban Meetups in Sydney and Australia.", 'tokens': [51514, 407, 321, 600, 658, 512, 869, 13337, 11120, 5144, 22963, 7528, 294, 21065, 293, 7060, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1017918586730957, 'compression_ratio': 1.8155339805825244, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23344066739082336}, {'id': 8, 'seek': 5700, 'start': 57.0, 'end': 65.0, 'text': ' Together we have brought together some incredible talents from the community in Hamburg, Germany.', 'tokens': [50364, 15911, 321, 362, 3038, 1214, 512, 4651, 19933, 490, 264, 1768, 294, 34118, 11, 7244, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041140715281168, 'compression_ratio': 1.5279187817258884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02169755846261978}, {'id': 9, 'seek': 5700, 'start': 65.0, 'end': 70.0, 'text': ' And these talents are going to introduce us to the strategy cycle and Wardley Map', 'tokens': [50764, 400, 613, 19933, 366, 516, 281, 5366, 505, 281, 264, 5206, 6586, 293, 23794, 3420, 22053, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041140715281168, 'compression_ratio': 1.5279187817258884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02169755846261978}, {'id': 10, 'seek': 5700, 'start': 70.0, 'end': 73.0, 'text': ' and show us how to make use of these.', 'tokens': [51014, 293, 855, 505, 577, 281, 652, 764, 295, 613, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041140715281168, 'compression_ratio': 1.5279187817258884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02169755846261978}, {'id': 11, 'seek': 5700, 'start': 73.0, 'end': 80.0, 'text': ' So I would like to introduce and welcome Martheus, an agile coach and Kanban coach.', 'tokens': [51164, 407, 286, 576, 411, 281, 5366, 293, 2928, 2039, 3322, 301, 11, 364, 30072, 6560, 293, 11120, 5144, 6560, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15041140715281168, 'compression_ratio': 1.5279187817258884, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02169755846261978}, {'id': 12, 'seek': 8000, 'start': 80.0, 'end': 90.0, 'text': ' Martheus, an agile coach and entrepreneur and Florian who comes from product management', 'tokens': [50364, 2039, 3322, 301, 11, 364, 30072, 6560, 293, 14307, 293, 8328, 952, 567, 1487, 490, 1674, 4592, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14598895822252547, 'compression_ratio': 1.414012738853503, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2723813056945801}, {'id': 13, 'seek': 8000, 'start': 90.0, 'end': 95.0, 'text': " and he's currently working as a service delivery manager.", 'tokens': [50864, 293, 415, 311, 4362, 1364, 382, 257, 2643, 8982, 6598, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14598895822252547, 'compression_ratio': 1.414012738853503, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2723813056945801}, {'id': 14, 'seek': 8000, 'start': 95.0, 'end': 104.0, 'text': " So I would like to kick off and I believe I'm going to hand over to Florian.", 'tokens': [51114, 407, 286, 576, 411, 281, 4437, 766, 293, 286, 1697, 286, 478, 516, 281, 1011, 670, 281, 8328, 952, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14598895822252547, 'compression_ratio': 1.414012738853503, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2723813056945801}, {'id': 15, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 104.0, 'end': 113.0, 'text': ' Alright, so hello from Hamburg or near Hamburg and I will tell you together with Martheus and Matthias', 'tokens': [50364, 2798, 11, 370, 7751, 490, 34118, 420, 2651, 34118, 293, 286, 486, 980, 291, 1214, 365, 2039, 3322, 301, 293, 11327, 4609, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 16, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 113.0, 'end': 117.0, 'text': ' a little bit about strategy development with Wardley Maps.', 'tokens': [50814, 257, 707, 857, 466, 5206, 3250, 365, 23794, 3420, 28978, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 17, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 117.0, 'end': 121.0, 'text': ' I hope you can see my screen.', 'tokens': [51014, 286, 1454, 291, 393, 536, 452, 2568, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 18, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 121.0, 'end': 123.0, 'text': ' My presentation.', 'tokens': [51214, 1222, 5860, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 19, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 123.0, 'end': 124.0, 'text': ' Yep.', 'tokens': [51314, 7010, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 20, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 124.0, 'end': 125.0, 'text': ' Yes.', 'tokens': [51364, 1079, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 21, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 125.0, 'end': 127.0, 'text': ' Alright, wonderful.', 'tokens': [51414, 2798, 11, 3715, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 22, 'seek': 10400, 'start': 127.0, 'end': 131.0, 'text': ' So strategy development with Wardley Maps.', 'tokens': [51514, 407, 5206, 3250, 365, 23794, 3420, 28978, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1799601041353666, 'compression_ratio': 1.5965909090909092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.011650017462670803}, {'id': 23, 'seek': 13100, 'start': 131.0, 'end': 134.0, 'text': ' Yeah, what are we going to do today?', 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 437, 366, 321, 516, 281, 360, 965, 30, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12660215485770748, 'compression_ratio': 1.3355704697986577, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00460344972088933}, {'id': 24, 'seek': 13100, 'start': 134.0, 'end': 144.0, 'text': ' I have prepared a little agenda and yeah, we start with this short introduction and the strategy cycle.', 'tokens': [50514, 286, 362, 4927, 257, 707, 9829, 293, 1338, 11, 321, 722, 365, 341, 2099, 9339, 293, 264, 5206, 6586, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12660215485770748, 'compression_ratio': 1.3355704697986577, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00460344972088933}, {'id': 25, 'seek': 13100, 'start': 144.0, 'end': 150.0, 'text': ' Then I will tell you a bit about how to make Wardley Maps.', 'tokens': [51014, 1396, 286, 486, 980, 291, 257, 857, 466, 577, 281, 652, 23794, 3420, 28978, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12660215485770748, 'compression_ratio': 1.3355704697986577, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00460344972088933}, {'id': 26, 'seek': 15000, 'start': 150.0, 'end': 160.0, 'text': ' And then we are going to dive a little bit deeper into Wardley mapping, the process of working with the Wardley Map', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 321, 366, 516, 281, 9192, 257, 707, 857, 7731, 666, 23794, 3420, 18350, 11, 264, 1399, 295, 1364, 365, 264, 23794, 3420, 22053, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19109247790442574, 'compression_ratio': 1.4840425531914894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07789486646652222}, {'id': 27, 'seek': 15000, 'start': 160.0, 'end': 163.0, 'text': ' and examining landscape climatic patterns.', 'tokens': [50864, 293, 34662, 9661, 5644, 2399, 8294, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19109247790442574, 'compression_ratio': 1.4840425531914894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07789486646652222}, {'id': 28, 'seek': 15000, 'start': 163.0, 'end': 169.0, 'text': ' We will have a look at doctrine and then the gameplay afterwards.', 'tokens': [51014, 492, 486, 362, 257, 574, 412, 23290, 293, 550, 264, 11421, 10543, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19109247790442574, 'compression_ratio': 1.4840425531914894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07789486646652222}, {'id': 29, 'seek': 15000, 'start': 169.0, 'end': 175.0, 'text': " If you take your ways and at the end we'll have a Q&A.", 'tokens': [51314, 759, 291, 747, 428, 2098, 293, 412, 264, 917, 321, 603, 362, 257, 1249, 5, 32, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19109247790442574, 'compression_ratio': 1.4840425531914894, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07789486646652222}, {'id': 30, 'seek': 17500, 'start': 175.0, 'end': 182.0, 'text': ' Regarding questions, feel free to post questions in the chat or to chime in and ask them.', 'tokens': [50364, 35523, 1651, 11, 841, 1737, 281, 2183, 1651, 294, 264, 5081, 420, 281, 40921, 294, 293, 1029, 552, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1505596935749054, 'compression_ratio': 1.5506329113924051, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05984540283679962}, {'id': 31, 'seek': 17500, 'start': 182.0, 'end': 196.0, 'text': ' I think Pipps will have a look at the chat and chime in and give me a hint if there are any questions for further that I can answer along the way.', 'tokens': [50714, 286, 519, 430, 2488, 82, 486, 362, 257, 574, 412, 264, 5081, 293, 40921, 294, 293, 976, 385, 257, 12075, 498, 456, 366, 604, 1651, 337, 3052, 300, 286, 393, 1867, 2051, 264, 636, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1505596935749054, 'compression_ratio': 1.5506329113924051, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05984540283679962}, {'id': 32, 'seek': 17500, 'start': 196.0, 'end': 198.0, 'text': ' Alright.', 'tokens': [51414, 2798, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1505596935749054, 'compression_ratio': 1.5506329113924051, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05984540283679962}, {'id': 33, 'seek': 19800, 'start': 198.0, 'end': 209.0, 'text': " I've stumbled upon a tweet a few weeks ago, which for me perfectly describes what we can use Wardley Maps for.", 'tokens': [50364, 286, 600, 36668, 3564, 257, 15258, 257, 1326, 3259, 2057, 11, 597, 337, 385, 6239, 15626, 437, 321, 393, 764, 23794, 3420, 28978, 337, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12631985761117245, 'compression_ratio': 1.434782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018529124557971954}, {'id': 34, 'seek': 19800, 'start': 209.0, 'end': 213.0, 'text': ' And I would like to cite that.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 286, 576, 411, 281, 37771, 300, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12631985761117245, 'compression_ratio': 1.434782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018529124557971954}, {'id': 35, 'seek': 19800, 'start': 213.0, 'end': 223.0, 'text': ' Developing shared mental models for a problem creates a context within which decisions can be made, exploiting the cognitive resources of the entire group.', 'tokens': [51114, 11442, 278, 5507, 4973, 5245, 337, 257, 1154, 7829, 257, 4319, 1951, 597, 5327, 393, 312, 1027, 11, 12382, 1748, 264, 15605, 3593, 295, 264, 2302, 1594, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12631985761117245, 'compression_ratio': 1.434782608695652, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018529124557971954}, {'id': 36, 'seek': 22300, 'start': 223.0, 'end': 228.0, 'text': ' Explicit shared models assure that everyone is solving the same problem.', 'tokens': [50364, 2111, 4770, 270, 5507, 5245, 20968, 300, 1518, 307, 12606, 264, 912, 1154, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13339747553286346, 'compression_ratio': 1.588235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015175163745880127}, {'id': 37, 'seek': 22300, 'start': 228.0, 'end': 233.0, 'text': " So that's what Wardley Maps and Wardley mapping is for me.", 'tokens': [50614, 407, 300, 311, 437, 23794, 3420, 28978, 293, 23794, 3420, 18350, 307, 337, 385, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13339747553286346, 'compression_ratio': 1.588235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015175163745880127}, {'id': 38, 'seek': 22300, 'start': 233.0, 'end': 248.0, 'text': ' With a Wardley Map we have a shared artifact that everybody can look at and where we can start discussions and challenge assumptions and talk about the meta at hand.', 'tokens': [50864, 2022, 257, 23794, 3420, 22053, 321, 362, 257, 5507, 34806, 300, 2201, 393, 574, 412, 293, 689, 321, 393, 722, 11088, 293, 3430, 17695, 293, 751, 466, 264, 19616, 412, 1011, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13339747553286346, 'compression_ratio': 1.588235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.015175163745880127}, {'id': 39, 'seek': 24800, 'start': 248.0, 'end': 260.0, 'text': ' So a few notes about Simon Wardley, the creator of the technique of Wardley mapping and the Wardley Maps.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 257, 1326, 5570, 466, 13193, 23794, 3420, 11, 264, 14181, 295, 264, 6532, 295, 23794, 3420, 18350, 293, 264, 23794, 3420, 28978, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17787097181592668, 'compression_ratio': 1.1931818181818181, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008438726887106895}, {'id': 40, 'seek': 26000, 'start': 260.0, 'end': 281.0, 'text': ' Simon used to be a CIO and CEO at a small company called Fortango in the early 2000s, went afterwards to Canonical and helped Canonical as the parent company of the operating system Ubuntu.', 'tokens': [50364, 13193, 1143, 281, 312, 257, 383, 15167, 293, 9282, 412, 257, 1359, 2237, 1219, 11002, 17150, 294, 264, 2440, 8132, 82, 11, 1437, 10543, 281, 27666, 804, 293, 4254, 27666, 804, 382, 264, 2596, 2237, 295, 264, 7447, 1185, 30230, 45605, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18257926857989767, 'compression_ratio': 1.3404255319148937, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13816313445568085}, {'id': 41, 'seek': 28100, 'start': 281.0, 'end': 292.0, 'text': ' And there he helped to raise the market share of the operating system market for Ubuntu from 3% to 70%.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 456, 415, 4254, 281, 5300, 264, 2142, 2073, 295, 264, 7447, 1185, 2142, 337, 30230, 45605, 490, 805, 4, 281, 5285, 6856, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12646076414320204, 'compression_ratio': 1.1195652173913044, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04872355982661247}, {'id': 42, 'seek': 29200, 'start': 292.0, 'end': 309.0, 'text': ' And his time at Fortango was very challenging for him and that led him to the development of the Wardley mapping technique.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 702, 565, 412, 11002, 17150, 390, 588, 7595, 337, 796, 293, 300, 4684, 796, 281, 264, 3250, 295, 264, 23794, 3420, 18350, 6532, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1236903503023345, 'compression_ratio': 1.1941747572815533, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11578588932752609}, {'id': 43, 'seek': 30900, 'start': 309.0, 'end': 326.0, 'text': " Because he had one problem at Fortango, that being that he was the CEO of the company but didn't really have a clue what to do and how the company should be evolving in the future.", 'tokens': [50364, 1436, 415, 632, 472, 1154, 412, 11002, 17150, 11, 300, 885, 300, 415, 390, 264, 9282, 295, 264, 2237, 457, 994, 380, 534, 362, 257, 13602, 437, 281, 360, 293, 577, 264, 2237, 820, 312, 21085, 294, 264, 2027, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08813875913619995, 'compression_ratio': 1.3533834586466165, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3904007077217102}, {'id': 44, 'seek': 32600, 'start': 326.0, 'end': 332.0, 'text': " And the company was doing quite okay and didn't really have a problem.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 2237, 390, 884, 1596, 1392, 293, 994, 380, 534, 362, 257, 1154, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14100908765605852, 'compression_ratio': 1.4866666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21102775633335114}, {'id': 45, 'seek': 32600, 'start': 332.0, 'end': 350.0, 'text': " But he for himself realized that he didn't really know how to move along a little way and how to develop a strategy for developing the business quarter.", 'tokens': [50664, 583, 415, 337, 3647, 5334, 300, 415, 994, 380, 534, 458, 577, 281, 1286, 2051, 257, 707, 636, 293, 577, 281, 1499, 257, 5206, 337, 6416, 264, 1606, 6555, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14100908765605852, 'compression_ratio': 1.4866666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21102775633335114}, {'id': 46, 'seek': 35000, 'start': 350.0, 'end': 375.0, 'text': ' So he exchanged himself with other people and one thing he realized was that nearly everybody else was taking his way along and just working with buzzword strategies and also quite curious and no situational awareness or knowledge of the meta at hand.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 415, 38378, 3647, 365, 661, 561, 293, 472, 551, 415, 5334, 390, 300, 6217, 2201, 1646, 390, 1940, 702, 636, 2051, 293, 445, 1364, 365, 13036, 7462, 9029, 293, 611, 1596, 6369, 293, 572, 2054, 1478, 8888, 420, 3601, 295, 264, 19616, 412, 1011, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1251539707183838, 'compression_ratio': 1.5120481927710843, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19615720212459564}, {'id': 47, 'seek': 37500, 'start': 375.0, 'end': 387.0, 'text': ' So something like this strategy was something that he encountered all the time.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 746, 411, 341, 5206, 390, 746, 300, 415, 20381, 439, 264, 565, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14558915297190347, 'compression_ratio': 1.0972222222222223, 'no_speech_prob': 0.043294697999954224}, {'id': 48, 'seek': 38700, 'start': 387.0, 'end': 400.0, 'text': ' But for example, our strategy is innovative. We will lead a customer focus effort of the market through our use of Internet of Things and social media to build a digital business by being both cloud based and secure.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 337, 1365, 11, 527, 5206, 307, 12999, 13, 492, 486, 1477, 257, 5474, 1879, 4630, 295, 264, 2142, 807, 527, 764, 295, 7703, 295, 9514, 293, 2093, 3021, 281, 1322, 257, 4562, 1606, 538, 885, 1293, 4588, 2361, 293, 7144, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1416983962059021, 'compression_ratio': 1.5763358778625953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6868261098861694}, {'id': 49, 'seek': 38700, 'start': 400.0, 'end': 412.0, 'text': ' Our agile approach will drive value throughout the organization synergies between our ecosystem and virtual reality will enable us to capture the upside by becoming collaborative in an open world.', 'tokens': [51014, 2621, 30072, 3109, 486, 3332, 2158, 3710, 264, 4475, 33781, 25480, 1296, 527, 11311, 293, 6374, 4103, 486, 9528, 505, 281, 7983, 264, 14119, 538, 5617, 16555, 294, 364, 1269, 1002, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1416983962059021, 'compression_ratio': 1.5763358778625953, 'no_speech_prob': 0.6868261098861694}, {'id': 50, 'seek': 41200, 'start': 412.0, 'end': 421.0, 'text': ' These transformations combined with and learning organization Utah leaders will create an insight from data through platform and data leaders.', 'tokens': [50364, 1981, 34852, 9354, 365, 293, 2539, 4475, 20226, 3523, 486, 1884, 364, 11269, 490, 1412, 807, 3663, 293, 1412, 3523, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1660975173667625, 'compression_ratio': 1.4945054945054945, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663139581680298}, {'id': 51, 'seek': 41200, 'start': 421.0, 'end': 431.0, 'text': ' This is no actual strategy but a made up strategy which you can look up for example under the link I provided below on the slide.', 'tokens': [50814, 639, 307, 572, 3539, 5206, 457, 257, 1027, 493, 5206, 597, 291, 393, 574, 493, 337, 1365, 833, 264, 2113, 286, 5649, 2507, 322, 264, 4137, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1660975173667625, 'compression_ratio': 1.4945054945054945, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04663139581680298}, {'id': 52, 'seek': 43100, 'start': 431.0, 'end': 442.0, 'text': ' Each time you refresh that page and you generate a new strategy will be generated and filled with buzzwords.', 'tokens': [50364, 6947, 565, 291, 15134, 300, 3028, 293, 291, 8460, 257, 777, 5206, 486, 312, 10833, 293, 6412, 365, 13036, 13832, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2256793975830078, 'compression_ratio': 1.2272727272727273, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15787585079669952}, {'id': 53, 'seek': 44200, 'start': 442.0, 'end': 464.0, 'text': " So it's just not enough to tell a compelling story and add some fancy words in it, but you really need to know what you're doing in strategy and to get an overview of the landscape and the environment you are competing in.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 311, 445, 406, 1547, 281, 980, 257, 20050, 1657, 293, 909, 512, 10247, 2283, 294, 309, 11, 457, 291, 534, 643, 281, 458, 437, 291, 434, 884, 294, 5206, 293, 281, 483, 364, 12492, 295, 264, 9661, 293, 264, 2823, 291, 366, 15439, 294, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10922424466002222, 'compression_ratio': 1.4701986754966887, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03843644633889198}, {'id': 54, 'seek': 46400, 'start': 464.0, 'end': 474.0, 'text': ' So that lets Simon to dive a little bit deeper into strategy and the like.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 6653, 13193, 281, 9192, 257, 707, 857, 7731, 666, 5206, 293, 264, 411, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.205743145942688, 'compression_ratio': 1.2566371681415929, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06932100653648376}, {'id': 55, 'seek': 46400, 'start': 474.0, 'end': 481.0, 'text': ' And the first thing he stumbled upon was the art of war by Zun Tzu.', 'tokens': [50864, 400, 264, 700, 551, 415, 36668, 3564, 390, 264, 1523, 295, 1516, 538, 1176, 409, 314, 11728, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.205743145942688, 'compression_ratio': 1.2566371681415929, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06932100653648376}, {'id': 56, 'seek': 48100, 'start': 481.0, 'end': 494.0, 'text': ' And there he found the five factors which built the basis of a strategy cycle being purpose, which is the moral imperative, the reason why we are doing things.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 456, 415, 1352, 264, 1732, 6771, 597, 3094, 264, 5143, 295, 257, 5206, 6586, 885, 4334, 11, 597, 307, 264, 9723, 32490, 11, 264, 1778, 983, 321, 366, 884, 721, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14704660509453446, 'compression_ratio': 1.601123595505618, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08023042231798172}, {'id': 57, 'seek': 48100, 'start': 494.0, 'end': 507.0, 'text': ' Landscape, the environment and context we move and live in the climate as the third factor which influences this environment.', 'tokens': [51014, 30527, 4747, 11, 264, 2823, 293, 4319, 321, 1286, 293, 1621, 294, 264, 5659, 382, 264, 2636, 5952, 597, 21222, 341, 2823, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14704660509453446, 'compression_ratio': 1.601123595505618, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08023042231798172}, {'id': 58, 'seek': 50700, 'start': 507.0, 'end': 516.0, 'text': ' The fourth factor is doctrine which are used generally useful principles of organization.', 'tokens': [50364, 440, 6409, 5952, 307, 23290, 597, 366, 1143, 5101, 4420, 9156, 295, 4475, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19908988222162774, 'compression_ratio': 1.4099378881987579, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013203654438257217}, {'id': 59, 'seek': 50700, 'start': 516.0, 'end': 520.0, 'text': ' You could also call them best practices I guess.', 'tokens': [50814, 509, 727, 611, 818, 552, 1151, 7525, 286, 2041, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19908988222162774, 'compression_ratio': 1.4099378881987579, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013203654438257217}, {'id': 60, 'seek': 50700, 'start': 520.0, 'end': 532.0, 'text': ' And the fifth in consequence being leadership and the making decisions and moving along.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 264, 9266, 294, 18326, 885, 5848, 293, 264, 1455, 5327, 293, 2684, 2051, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19908988222162774, 'compression_ratio': 1.4099378881987579, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013203654438257217}, {'id': 61, 'seek': 53200, 'start': 532.0, 'end': 551.0, 'text': ' He overlaid those five factors with the Uda loop by John Boyd, which starts with the game corresponding to the purpose also the reason why we do things or why we engage in an activity.', 'tokens': [50364, 634, 670, 875, 327, 729, 1732, 6771, 365, 264, 624, 2675, 6367, 538, 2619, 9486, 67, 11, 597, 3719, 365, 264, 1216, 11760, 281, 264, 4334, 611, 264, 1778, 983, 321, 360, 721, 420, 983, 321, 4683, 294, 364, 5191, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11969695621066623, 'compression_ratio': 1.373134328358209, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03204468637704849}, {'id': 62, 'seek': 55100, 'start': 551.0, 'end': 563.0, 'text': ' Then comes the first O being observed, which targets at landscape and climate moves you orient yourself then with doctor the help of doctrine.', 'tokens': [50364, 1396, 1487, 264, 700, 422, 885, 13095, 11, 597, 12911, 412, 9661, 293, 5659, 6067, 291, 8579, 1803, 550, 365, 4631, 264, 854, 295, 23290, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22702565485117387, 'compression_ratio': 1.4350649350649352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01426758337765932}, {'id': 63, 'seek': 55100, 'start': 563.0, 'end': 575.0, 'text': ' And in the last step and you through leadership you decide what to do and act.', 'tokens': [50964, 400, 294, 264, 1036, 1823, 293, 291, 807, 5848, 291, 4536, 437, 281, 360, 293, 605, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22702565485117387, 'compression_ratio': 1.4350649350649352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01426758337765932}, {'id': 64, 'seek': 57500, 'start': 575.0, 'end': 584.0, 'text': " The last element of the strategy cycle are the two why's and you have two different why's.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 1036, 4478, 295, 264, 5206, 6586, 366, 264, 732, 983, 311, 293, 291, 362, 732, 819, 983, 311, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13488668865627712, 'compression_ratio': 1.6793478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006089614238590002}, {'id': 65, 'seek': 57500, 'start': 584.0, 'end': 588.0, 'text': ' The first why being the why of purpose why we do things.', 'tokens': [50814, 440, 700, 983, 885, 264, 983, 295, 4334, 983, 321, 360, 721, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13488668865627712, 'compression_ratio': 1.6793478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006089614238590002}, {'id': 66, 'seek': 57500, 'start': 588.0, 'end': 604.0, 'text': ' And the second why the why of movement, why we engage in certain activities and rather follow one activity and neglecting another or choosing one over the other.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 264, 1150, 983, 264, 983, 295, 3963, 11, 983, 321, 4683, 294, 1629, 5354, 293, 2831, 1524, 472, 5191, 293, 17745, 278, 1071, 420, 10875, 472, 670, 264, 661, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13488668865627712, 'compression_ratio': 1.6793478260869565, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006089614238590002}, {'id': 67, 'seek': 60400, 'start': 604.0, 'end': 619.0, 'text': ' And this also helps with the situational awareness and what the maps the artifact of itself is targeted at the landscape factors.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 341, 611, 3665, 365, 264, 2054, 1478, 8888, 293, 437, 264, 11317, 264, 34806, 295, 2564, 307, 15045, 412, 264, 9661, 6771, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21652835023169423, 'compression_ratio': 1.576158940397351, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006284444127231836}, {'id': 68, 'seek': 60400, 'start': 619.0, 'end': 631.0, 'text': ' So what the map presents us with an overview of the current environment and the situation in which we exist.', 'tokens': [51114, 407, 437, 264, 4471, 13533, 505, 365, 364, 12492, 295, 264, 2190, 2823, 293, 264, 2590, 294, 597, 321, 2514, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21652835023169423, 'compression_ratio': 1.576158940397351, 'no_speech_prob': 0.006284444127231836}, {'id': 69, 'seek': 63100, 'start': 631.0, 'end': 635.0, 'text': ' So that leads to what the maps.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 6689, 281, 437, 264, 11317, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2318496911422066, 'compression_ratio': 1.423728813559322, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01795346848666668}, {'id': 70, 'seek': 63100, 'start': 635.0, 'end': 642.0, 'text': ' I like to compare the map itself with with a chessboard.', 'tokens': [50564, 286, 411, 281, 6794, 264, 4471, 2564, 365, 365, 257, 24122, 3787, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2318496911422066, 'compression_ratio': 1.423728813559322, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01795346848666668}, {'id': 71, 'seek': 63100, 'start': 642.0, 'end': 650.0, 'text': ' And because the elements on the chessboard and on a body map are quite similar.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 570, 264, 4959, 322, 264, 24122, 3787, 293, 322, 257, 1772, 4471, 366, 1596, 2531, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2318496911422066, 'compression_ratio': 1.423728813559322, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01795346848666668}, {'id': 72, 'seek': 65000, 'start': 650.0, 'end': 658.0, 'text': ' If I look at the notation of party of chess.', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 286, 574, 412, 264, 24657, 295, 3595, 295, 24122, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13405344486236573, 'compression_ratio': 1.4152542372881356, 'no_speech_prob': 0.048811499029397964}, {'id': 73, 'seek': 65000, 'start': 658.0, 'end': 664.0, 'text': ' And I leave out the contextual information being the position of the pieces.', 'tokens': [50764, 400, 286, 1856, 484, 264, 35526, 1589, 885, 264, 2535, 295, 264, 3755, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13405344486236573, 'compression_ratio': 1.4152542372881356, 'no_speech_prob': 0.048811499029397964}, {'id': 74, 'seek': 65000, 'start': 664.0, 'end': 670.0, 'text': ' Then the notation becomes rather meaningless.', 'tokens': [51064, 1396, 264, 24657, 3643, 2831, 33232, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13405344486236573, 'compression_ratio': 1.4152542372881356, 'no_speech_prob': 0.048811499029397964}, {'id': 75, 'seek': 67000, 'start': 670.0, 'end': 681.0, 'text': ' So I need to have the information where the pieces are located on the board to derive a strategy from the chess game.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 643, 281, 362, 264, 1589, 689, 264, 3755, 366, 6870, 322, 264, 3150, 281, 28446, 257, 5206, 490, 264, 24122, 1216, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0930156632075234, 'compression_ratio': 1.6730769230769231, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027985377237200737}, {'id': 76, 'seek': 67000, 'start': 681.0, 'end': 687.0, 'text': ' So the important factors here are it has to be visual.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 264, 1021, 6771, 510, 366, 309, 575, 281, 312, 5056, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0930156632075234, 'compression_ratio': 1.6730769230769231, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027985377237200737}, {'id': 77, 'seek': 67000, 'start': 687.0, 'end': 697.0, 'text': ' I have to have context where in relation to the other pieces are my pieces on the board.', 'tokens': [51214, 286, 362, 281, 362, 4319, 689, 294, 9721, 281, 264, 661, 3755, 366, 452, 3755, 322, 264, 3150, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.0930156632075234, 'compression_ratio': 1.6730769230769231, 'no_speech_prob': 0.027985377237200737}, {'id': 78, 'seek': 69700, 'start': 697.0, 'end': 700.0, 'text': ' So I have a vision and movement.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 362, 257, 5201, 293, 3963, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2772015909994802, 'compression_ratio': 1.5061728395061729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03957391530275345}, {'id': 79, 'seek': 69700, 'start': 700.0, 'end': 708.0, 'text': ' And that leads all together to having a huge or large amount of situation awareness.', 'tokens': [50514, 400, 300, 6689, 439, 1214, 281, 1419, 257, 2603, 420, 2416, 2372, 295, 2590, 8888, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2772015909994802, 'compression_ratio': 1.5061728395061729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03957391530275345}, {'id': 80, 'seek': 69700, 'start': 708.0, 'end': 718.0, 'text': ' So I can learn how to play chess and how to get better and develop better strategies.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 286, 393, 1466, 577, 281, 862, 24122, 293, 577, 281, 483, 1101, 293, 1499, 1101, 9029, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2772015909994802, 'compression_ratio': 1.5061728395061729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03957391530275345}, {'id': 81, 'seek': 69700, 'start': 718.0, 'end': 721.0, 'text': ' I have a few examples for what the maps.', 'tokens': [51414, 286, 362, 257, 1326, 5110, 337, 437, 264, 11317, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2772015909994802, 'compression_ratio': 1.5061728395061729, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03957391530275345}, {'id': 82, 'seek': 72100, 'start': 721.0, 'end': 727.0, 'text': ' This is the most common example or most popular example of a wadley map.', 'tokens': [50364, 639, 307, 264, 881, 2689, 1365, 420, 881, 3743, 1365, 295, 257, 261, 345, 3420, 4471, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17495739137804187, 'compression_ratio': 1.8227848101265822, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0361119844019413}, {'id': 83, 'seek': 72100, 'start': 727.0, 'end': 733.0, 'text': ' The famous tea shop example and is described a tea shop business.', 'tokens': [50664, 440, 4618, 5817, 3945, 1365, 293, 307, 7619, 257, 5817, 3945, 1606, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17495739137804187, 'compression_ratio': 1.8227848101265822, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0361119844019413}, {'id': 84, 'seek': 72100, 'start': 733.0, 'end': 748.0, 'text': ' So the business serves to to to anchors being the public who wants to buy a want to buy a cup of tea and the business who wants to sell a cup of tea.', 'tokens': [50964, 407, 264, 1606, 13451, 281, 281, 281, 12723, 830, 885, 264, 1908, 567, 2738, 281, 2256, 257, 528, 281, 2256, 257, 4414, 295, 5817, 293, 264, 1606, 567, 2738, 281, 3607, 257, 4414, 295, 5817, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17495739137804187, 'compression_ratio': 1.8227848101265822, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0361119844019413}, {'id': 85, 'seek': 74800, 'start': 748.0, 'end': 759.0, 'text': ' So for making a cup of tea, I need of course a cup, I need tea, I need stuff to sell it, I need hot water, for hot water I need water, a kettle and power.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 337, 1455, 257, 4414, 295, 5817, 11, 286, 643, 295, 1164, 257, 4414, 11, 286, 643, 5817, 11, 286, 643, 1507, 281, 3607, 309, 11, 286, 643, 2368, 1281, 11, 337, 2368, 1281, 286, 643, 1281, 11, 257, 39088, 293, 1347, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14093468154686084, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004262838046997786}, {'id': 86, 'seek': 74800, 'start': 759.0, 'end': 767.0, 'text': ' So this is the value chain and we can see that we have an X and a Y axis.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 341, 307, 264, 2158, 5021, 293, 321, 393, 536, 300, 321, 362, 364, 1783, 293, 257, 398, 10298, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14093468154686084, 'compression_ratio': 1.6285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004262838046997786}, {'id': 87, 'seek': 76700, 'start': 767.0, 'end': 788.0, 'text': ' So the Y axis representing the visibility of the components to the anchors and the Y at the X axis being the evolution axis determining or telling us how evolved component on the value chain is.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 398, 10298, 13460, 264, 19883, 295, 264, 6677, 281, 264, 12723, 830, 293, 264, 398, 412, 264, 1783, 10298, 885, 264, 9303, 10298, 23751, 420, 3585, 505, 577, 14178, 6542, 322, 264, 2158, 5021, 307, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1941675685700916, 'compression_ratio': 1.552, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07913748174905777}, {'id': 88, 'seek': 78800, 'start': 788.0, 'end': 805.0, 'text': ' So we can see on this map, for example, that the kettle is in the area of custom build, which is a little bit astonishing because normally you could buy a standard kettle for not very much money, nearly everywhere.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 321, 393, 536, 322, 341, 4471, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 300, 264, 39088, 307, 294, 264, 1859, 295, 2375, 1322, 11, 597, 307, 257, 707, 857, 35264, 570, 5646, 291, 727, 2256, 257, 3832, 39088, 337, 406, 588, 709, 1460, 11, 6217, 5315, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12516009077733878, 'compression_ratio': 1.4172185430463575, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2742191255092621}, {'id': 89, 'seek': 80500, 'start': 805.0, 'end': 820.0, 'text': ' And so you can now start, for example, to challenge this map and to look at it and start asking questions and for example, challenging the fact that the kettle is custom build.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 291, 393, 586, 722, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 281, 3430, 341, 4471, 293, 281, 574, 412, 309, 293, 722, 3365, 1651, 293, 337, 1365, 11, 7595, 264, 1186, 300, 264, 39088, 307, 2375, 1322, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1342056204633015, 'compression_ratio': 1.4666666666666666, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22761817276477814}, {'id': 90, 'seek': 82000, 'start': 820.0, 'end': 839.0, 'text': ' So the reason for that might be that the kestrel is the distinguishing factor for the business and or maybe something the shop owner brought back from a trip to Turkey and he loved the kettle so much or inherited it from somewhere.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 1778, 337, 300, 1062, 312, 300, 264, 350, 377, 4419, 307, 264, 11365, 3807, 5952, 337, 264, 1606, 293, 420, 1310, 746, 264, 3945, 7289, 3038, 646, 490, 257, 4931, 281, 12647, 293, 415, 4333, 264, 39088, 370, 709, 420, 27091, 309, 490, 4079, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13804295483757467, 'compression_ratio': 1.54, 'no_speech_prob': 0.19897112250328064}, {'id': 91, 'seek': 83900, 'start': 839.0, 'end': 852.0, 'text': ' Anyway, there are many possible reasons for the kettle being in the area of custom build, but we can also try and ask questions how we can, for example, maybe serve more customers.', 'tokens': [50364, 5684, 11, 456, 366, 867, 1944, 4112, 337, 264, 39088, 885, 294, 264, 1859, 295, 2375, 1322, 11, 457, 321, 393, 611, 853, 293, 1029, 1651, 577, 321, 393, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 1310, 4596, 544, 4581, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.06726414816720146, 'compression_ratio': 1.3636363636363635, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03512483462691307}, {'id': 92, 'seek': 85200, 'start': 852.0, 'end': 873.0, 'text': ' If I only have one custom build kettle, maybe it would be a good alternative to switch over to commoditized kettles or mass mass fabricated kettles and therefore may be being able to grow the business open more stores and serve more customers.', 'tokens': [50364, 759, 286, 787, 362, 472, 2375, 1322, 39088, 11, 1310, 309, 576, 312, 257, 665, 8535, 281, 3679, 670, 281, 19931, 270, 1602, 350, 3093, 904, 420, 2758, 2758, 7253, 770, 350, 3093, 904, 293, 4412, 815, 312, 885, 1075, 281, 1852, 264, 1606, 1269, 544, 9512, 293, 4596, 544, 4581, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12868685381753103, 'compression_ratio': 1.528301886792453, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09795168787240982}, {'id': 93, 'seek': 87300, 'start': 873.0, 'end': 881.0, 'text': " But a waddley map doesn't always have to look as polished as that.", 'tokens': [50364, 583, 257, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 4471, 1177, 380, 1009, 362, 281, 574, 382, 29079, 382, 300, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18500785529613495, 'compression_ratio': 1.5974842767295598, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05175700783729553}, {'id': 94, 'seek': 87300, 'start': 881.0, 'end': 902.0, 'text': ' These are also good examples of waddley maps and good examples for generating waddley maps as a short scribble and working with others and just noting the single components of the kettle.', 'tokens': [50764, 1981, 366, 611, 665, 5110, 295, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 11317, 293, 665, 5110, 337, 17746, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 11317, 382, 257, 2099, 39435, 638, 293, 1364, 365, 2357, 293, 445, 26801, 264, 2167, 6677, 295, 264, 39088, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18500785529613495, 'compression_ratio': 1.5974842767295598, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05175700783729553}, {'id': 95, 'seek': 90200, 'start': 902.0, 'end': 920.0, 'text': ' Another example for waddley maps I would like to show is from Ben Moser and what I would like to show here is that waddley maps are not static but that they evolve.', 'tokens': [50364, 3996, 1365, 337, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 11317, 286, 576, 411, 281, 855, 307, 490, 3964, 19430, 260, 293, 437, 286, 576, 411, 281, 855, 510, 307, 300, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 11317, 366, 406, 13437, 457, 300, 436, 16693, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14409510294596353, 'compression_ratio': 1.4260869565217391, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01910097897052765}, {'id': 96, 'seek': 92000, 'start': 921.0, 'end': 931.0, 'text': ' So the addition of components and conversation with others, the map changes.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 264, 4500, 295, 6677, 293, 3761, 365, 2357, 11, 264, 4471, 2962, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19558481736616654, 'compression_ratio': 1.5030674846625767, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24079343676567078}, {'id': 97, 'seek': 92000, 'start': 931.0, 'end': 945.0, 'text': ' And when we look at the first version, we know what he wants to do, he wants to build a mapping quick reference, therefore needs content, display framework and hosting.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 562, 321, 574, 412, 264, 700, 3037, 11, 321, 458, 437, 415, 2738, 281, 360, 11, 415, 2738, 281, 1322, 257, 18350, 1702, 6408, 11, 4412, 2203, 2701, 11, 4674, 8388, 293, 16058, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19558481736616654, 'compression_ratio': 1.5030674846625767, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24079343676567078}, {'id': 98, 'seek': 94500, 'start': 945.0, 'end': 959.0, 'text': ' And after talking to Tashin Fogelman, there were a few elements added like for example for the content, they would use templates, standard data set and templating framework for example.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 934, 1417, 281, 314, 1299, 259, 479, 664, 338, 1601, 11, 456, 645, 257, 1326, 4959, 3869, 411, 337, 1365, 337, 264, 2701, 11, 436, 576, 764, 21165, 11, 3832, 1412, 992, 293, 9100, 990, 8388, 337, 1365, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20340925455093384, 'compression_ratio': 1.4748603351955307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0030729114077985287}, {'id': 99, 'seek': 94500, 'start': 959.0, 'end': 967.0, 'text': ' So waddley map is never a static artifact but is always evolving and changing.', 'tokens': [51064, 407, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 4471, 307, 1128, 257, 13437, 34806, 457, 307, 1009, 21085, 293, 4473, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20340925455093384, 'compression_ratio': 1.4748603351955307, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0030729114077985287}, {'id': 100, 'seek': 96700, 'start': 967.0, 'end': 978.0, 'text': ' So in short, how do we make a waddley map?', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 294, 2099, 11, 577, 360, 321, 652, 257, 261, 345, 2285, 88, 4471, 30, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12559779485066733, 'compression_ratio': 1.4557823129251701, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0046075801365077496}, {'id': 101, 'seek': 96700, 'start': 978.0, 'end': 996.0, 'text': ' First of all, we start with the need and important there it is to focus on the user needs and not your own or your company needs but determine what really serves the user.', 'tokens': [50914, 2386, 295, 439, 11, 321, 722, 365, 264, 643, 293, 1021, 456, 309, 307, 281, 1879, 322, 264, 4195, 2203, 293, 406, 428, 1065, 420, 428, 2237, 2203, 457, 6997, 437, 534, 13451, 264, 4195, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12559779485066733, 'compression_ratio': 1.4557823129251701, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0046075801365077496}, {'id': 102, 'seek': 99600, 'start': 996.0, 'end': 1003.0, 'text': ' So and the assumption is that we generate value by meeting the needs of others.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 293, 264, 15302, 307, 300, 321, 8460, 2158, 538, 3440, 264, 2203, 295, 2357, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13976176579793295, 'compression_ratio': 1.3113207547169812, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001781255123205483}, {'id': 103, 'seek': 99600, 'start': 1003.0, 'end': 1016.0, 'text': " So that's the first step, we determine what the user needs.", 'tokens': [50714, 407, 300, 311, 264, 700, 1823, 11, 321, 6997, 437, 264, 4195, 2203, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13976176579793295, 'compression_ratio': 1.3113207547169812, 'no_speech_prob': 0.001781255123205483}, {'id': 104, 'seek': 101600, 'start': 1016.0, 'end': 1026.0, 'text': ' Next, we need to determine which components are needed to fulfill and meet the user needs.', 'tokens': [50364, 3087, 11, 321, 643, 281, 6997, 597, 6677, 366, 2978, 281, 13875, 293, 1677, 264, 4195, 2203, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10718149488622492, 'compression_ratio': 1.4409448818897639, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008966671884991229}, {'id': 105, 'seek': 101600, 'start': 1026.0, 'end': 1037.0, 'text': ' So in this step, we build a value chain and order the components by visibility for the user.', 'tokens': [50864, 407, 294, 341, 1823, 11, 321, 1322, 257, 2158, 5021, 293, 1668, 264, 6677, 538, 19883, 337, 264, 4195, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10718149488622492, 'compression_ratio': 1.4409448818897639, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0008966671884991229}, {'id': 106, 'seek': 103700, 'start': 1037.0, 'end': 1047.0, 'text': ' In the third step, we determine how evolved those components are.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 264, 2636, 1823, 11, 321, 6997, 577, 14178, 729, 6677, 366, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1469786262512207, 'compression_ratio': 1.4285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00844082236289978}, {'id': 107, 'seek': 103700, 'start': 1047.0, 'end': 1064.0, 'text': ' So we have four areas on the evolution axis being genesis for completely new stuff which is in a very early stage and very novel and unexplored.', 'tokens': [50864, 407, 321, 362, 1451, 3179, 322, 264, 9303, 10298, 885, 1049, 9374, 337, 2584, 777, 1507, 597, 307, 294, 257, 588, 2440, 3233, 293, 588, 7613, 293, 11572, 564, 2769, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1469786262512207, 'compression_ratio': 1.4285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00844082236289978}, {'id': 108, 'seek': 106400, 'start': 1064.0, 'end': 1080.0, 'text': ' Then we have custom build where these things or product services are replicated but also quite individual characteristic.', 'tokens': [50364, 1396, 321, 362, 2375, 1322, 689, 613, 721, 420, 1674, 3328, 366, 46365, 457, 611, 1596, 2609, 16282, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19013122890306555, 'compression_ratio': 1.2222222222222223, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02260219119489193}, {'id': 109, 'seek': 108000, 'start': 1080.0, 'end': 1106.0, 'text': ' Then comes a product where we are dealing with standardization and also growing competition and the last area being commodity where we have commoditized products that are highly standardized and like for example power from the war socket.', 'tokens': [50364, 1396, 1487, 257, 1674, 689, 321, 366, 6260, 365, 3832, 2144, 293, 611, 4194, 6211, 293, 264, 1036, 1859, 885, 29125, 689, 321, 362, 19931, 270, 1602, 3383, 300, 366, 5405, 31677, 293, 411, 337, 1365, 1347, 490, 264, 1516, 19741, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14524855821029, 'compression_ratio': 1.5973154362416107, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09395778179168701}, {'id': 110, 'seek': 110600, 'start': 1106.0, 'end': 1135.0, 'text': ' In case we are not really sure on in which stage our single component is located Simon Wadley has also provided a sheet sheet and where you can look up and determine in which area of the evolution axis and the component would fit best.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 1389, 321, 366, 406, 534, 988, 322, 294, 597, 3233, 527, 2167, 6542, 307, 6870, 13193, 343, 345, 3420, 575, 611, 5649, 257, 8193, 8193, 293, 689, 291, 393, 574, 493, 293, 6997, 294, 597, 1859, 295, 264, 9303, 10298, 293, 264, 6542, 576, 3318, 1151, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13760353051699126, 'compression_ratio': 1.46875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03109053708612919}, {'id': 111, 'seek': 113500, 'start': 1135.0, 'end': 1157.0, 'text': ' In the fourth step, you work with methods and try to determine which methods are useful for the components and which to apply to which component.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 264, 6409, 1823, 11, 291, 589, 365, 7150, 293, 853, 281, 6997, 597, 7150, 366, 4420, 337, 264, 6677, 293, 597, 281, 3079, 281, 597, 6542, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12449923157691956, 'compression_ratio': 1.4215686274509804, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01131924893707037}, {'id': 112, 'seek': 115700, 'start': 1157.0, 'end': 1183.0, 'text': ' So for example for commoditized components you would try to outsource them to utility suppliers or in case you are utility supplier yourself, then you would use appropriate methods like for example Six Sigma to reduce deviation and reduce waste.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 337, 1365, 337, 19931, 270, 1602, 6677, 291, 576, 853, 281, 14758, 2948, 552, 281, 14877, 29467, 420, 294, 1389, 291, 366, 14877, 31909, 1803, 11, 550, 291, 576, 764, 6854, 7150, 411, 337, 1365, 11678, 36595, 281, 5407, 25163, 293, 5407, 5964, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14128176046877491, 'compression_ratio': 1.5909090909090908, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0518045537173748}, {'id': 113, 'seek': 118300, 'start': 1183.0, 'end': 1195.0, 'text': ' And in the middle of standard products you would try to use as many as many, wait sorry I clicked one time too much.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 294, 264, 2808, 295, 3832, 3383, 291, 576, 853, 281, 764, 382, 867, 382, 867, 11, 1699, 2597, 286, 23370, 472, 565, 886, 709, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.46871604919433596, 'compression_ratio': 1.183673469387755, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12061870098114014}, {'id': 114, 'seek': 119500, 'start': 1195.0, 'end': 1218.0, 'text': ' You would try to use off the shelf products and for example use lean techniques and in the upper left where the sources of value and worth are located you would try to use agile techniques and to build them in house.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 576, 853, 281, 764, 766, 264, 15222, 3383, 293, 337, 1365, 764, 11659, 7512, 293, 294, 264, 6597, 1411, 689, 264, 7139, 295, 2158, 293, 3163, 366, 6870, 291, 576, 853, 281, 764, 30072, 7512, 293, 281, 1322, 552, 294, 1782, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18668436496815782, 'compression_ratio': 1.6119402985074627, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10079487413167953}, {'id': 115, 'seek': 121800, 'start': 1218.0, 'end': 1243.0, 'text': ' In the last step you try and look at the map and you try to manipulate your environment and your business and to evolve it further and to try to gain a competitive advantage and have a look at how you can evolve and change things in your favor.', 'tokens': [50364, 682, 264, 1036, 1823, 291, 853, 293, 574, 412, 264, 4471, 293, 291, 853, 281, 20459, 428, 2823, 293, 428, 1606, 293, 281, 16693, 309, 3052, 293, 281, 853, 281, 6052, 257, 10043, 5002, 293, 362, 257, 574, 412, 577, 291, 393, 16693, 293, 1319, 721, 294, 428, 2294, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09734934347647207, 'compression_ratio': 1.6712328767123288, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06358151882886887}, {'id': 116, 'seek': 124300, 'start': 1243.0, 'end': 1256.0, 'text': ' So this was the process, this was how to generate a Wadley map and the process of Wadley mapping also assembles those steps.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 390, 264, 1399, 11, 341, 390, 577, 281, 8460, 257, 343, 345, 3420, 4471, 293, 264, 1399, 295, 343, 345, 3420, 18350, 611, 8438, 904, 729, 4439, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2314616371603573, 'compression_ratio': 1.3777777777777778, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05173980072140694}, {'id': 117, 'seek': 125600, 'start': 1257.0, 'end': 1272.0, 'text': ' So the first thing is after we have a Wadley map that we have a look at the landscape and a Wadley map always consists of an anchor which in this case is the customer.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 264, 700, 551, 307, 934, 321, 362, 257, 343, 345, 3420, 4471, 300, 321, 362, 257, 574, 412, 264, 9661, 293, 257, 343, 345, 3420, 4471, 1009, 14689, 295, 364, 18487, 597, 294, 341, 1389, 307, 264, 5474, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1447520906274969, 'compression_ratio': 1.403361344537815, 'no_speech_prob': 0.024044394493103027}, {'id': 118, 'seek': 127200, 'start': 1273.0, 'end': 1286.0, 'text': ' It shows position of the components relative to each other and we also can anticipate movement how things will change and evolve in the future.', 'tokens': [50414, 467, 3110, 2535, 295, 264, 6677, 4972, 281, 1184, 661, 293, 321, 611, 393, 21685, 3963, 577, 721, 486, 1319, 293, 16693, 294, 264, 2027, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13050103187561035, 'compression_ratio': 1.311926605504587, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06088351458311081}, {'id': 119, 'seek': 128600, 'start': 1287.0, 'end': 1315.0, 'text': " This exact sample is the online photo service for Tango, it's from the online photo service for Tango back in 2005 I think and that was one of the first maps that Simon Wadley generated and there you can see the components of the online photo service business as it was passed then.", 'tokens': [50414, 639, 1900, 6889, 307, 264, 2950, 5052, 2643, 337, 314, 17150, 11, 309, 311, 490, 264, 2950, 5052, 2643, 337, 314, 17150, 646, 294, 14394, 286, 519, 293, 300, 390, 472, 295, 264, 700, 11317, 300, 13193, 343, 345, 3420, 10833, 293, 456, 291, 393, 536, 264, 6677, 295, 264, 2950, 5052, 2643, 1606, 382, 309, 390, 4678, 550, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1704801619052887, 'compression_ratio': 1.688622754491018, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06838210672140121}, {'id': 120, 'seek': 131500, 'start': 1316.0, 'end': 1331.0, 'text': ' So the customer wanted to access the online photo service and use a few and had a few needs which were online image manipulation for example they wanted to store their photos.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 264, 5474, 1415, 281, 2105, 264, 2950, 5052, 2643, 293, 764, 257, 1326, 293, 632, 257, 1326, 2203, 597, 645, 2950, 3256, 26475, 337, 1365, 436, 1415, 281, 3531, 641, 5787, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18760330612595016, 'compression_ratio': 1.4583333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00667975191026926}, {'id': 121, 'seek': 133100, 'start': 1331.0, 'end': 1339.0, 'text': ' They wanted to be able to print them or on my for example mouse pads or t-shirts.', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 1415, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 4482, 552, 420, 322, 452, 337, 1365, 9719, 19179, 420, 256, 12, 25892, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18300327132729924, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06845670938491821}, {'id': 122, 'seek': 133100, 'start': 1339.0, 'end': 1346.0, 'text': ' They needed a website for that which itself relied on a CRM and a platform.', 'tokens': [50764, 814, 2978, 257, 3144, 337, 300, 597, 2564, 35463, 322, 257, 14123, 44, 293, 257, 3663, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18300327132729924, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06845670938491821}, {'id': 123, 'seek': 133100, 'start': 1346.0, 'end': 1358.0, 'text': ' Those elements related to compute and of course a data center and the least visible and most commoditized thing power.', 'tokens': [51114, 3950, 4959, 4077, 281, 14722, 293, 295, 1164, 257, 1412, 3056, 293, 264, 1935, 8974, 293, 881, 19931, 270, 1602, 551, 1347, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18300327132729924, 'compression_ratio': 1.5, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06845670938491821}, {'id': 124, 'seek': 135800, 'start': 1358.0, 'end': 1371.0, 'text': ' So these were the essential components and you always have to look out to not include too many components on a map.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 613, 645, 264, 7115, 6677, 293, 291, 1009, 362, 281, 574, 484, 281, 406, 4090, 886, 867, 6677, 322, 257, 4471, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11733606126573351, 'compression_ratio': 1.2921348314606742, 'no_speech_prob': 0.048018429428339005}, {'id': 125, 'seek': 137100, 'start': 1371.0, 'end': 1387.0, 'text': " It's a little bit like reduced to the max so you have to look out for the most essential elements that you need to represent on that map to be able to solve your problem.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 257, 707, 857, 411, 9212, 281, 264, 11469, 370, 291, 362, 281, 574, 484, 337, 264, 881, 7115, 4959, 300, 291, 643, 281, 2906, 322, 300, 4471, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 5039, 428, 1154, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12483638670386338, 'compression_ratio': 1.4285714285714286, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019711093977093697}, {'id': 126, 'seek': 138700, 'start': 1388.0, 'end': 1404.0, 'text': ' So next thing is that you have climatic patterns which have an effect on the landscape and your environment and yourself.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 958, 551, 307, 300, 291, 362, 5644, 2399, 8294, 597, 362, 364, 1802, 322, 264, 9661, 293, 428, 2823, 293, 1803, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1006116337246365, 'compression_ratio': 1.2474226804123711, 'no_speech_prob': 0.002933475188910961}, {'id': 127, 'seek': 140400, 'start': 1404.0, 'end': 1420.0, 'text': ' So climatic patterns are patterns that are also widely observable like standard things or most common things that you really have no choice about.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 5644, 2399, 8294, 366, 8294, 300, 366, 611, 13371, 9951, 712, 411, 3832, 721, 420, 881, 2689, 721, 300, 291, 534, 362, 572, 3922, 466, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14270653263215097, 'compression_ratio': 1.3394495412844036, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0059080058708786964}, {'id': 128, 'seek': 142000, 'start': 1420.0, 'end': 1429.0, 'text': ' For example everything evolves through demand, supply and demand competition.', 'tokens': [50364, 1171, 1365, 1203, 43737, 807, 4733, 11, 5847, 293, 4733, 6211, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24178940057754517, 'compression_ratio': 1.0405405405405406, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02094244211912155}, {'id': 129, 'seek': 142900, 'start': 1429.0, 'end': 1458.0, 'text': " So as soon as you move in the market and have a product in the market and have competition then it's nearly inevitable that components evolve because somebody builds for example a car with an electric motor instead of a combustion engine.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 382, 2321, 382, 291, 1286, 294, 264, 2142, 293, 362, 257, 1674, 294, 264, 2142, 293, 362, 6211, 550, 309, 311, 6217, 21451, 300, 6677, 16693, 570, 2618, 15182, 337, 1365, 257, 1032, 365, 364, 5210, 5932, 2602, 295, 257, 28121, 2848, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12719279147209006, 'compression_ratio': 1.5354838709677419, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01494365744292736}, {'id': 130, 'seek': 145900, 'start': 1460.0, 'end': 1470.0, 'text': ' So you always force to also evolve so that you can keep up with the pace.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 291, 1009, 3464, 281, 611, 16693, 370, 300, 291, 393, 1066, 493, 365, 264, 11638, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14112142512672826, 'compression_ratio': 1.3185840707964602, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009690106846392155}, {'id': 131, 'seek': 145900, 'start': 1470.0, 'end': 1478.0, 'text': ' Problem there is that you suffer from inertia which is due to past success.', 'tokens': [50914, 11676, 456, 307, 300, 291, 9753, 490, 37234, 597, 307, 3462, 281, 1791, 2245, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14112142512672826, 'compression_ratio': 1.3185840707964602, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009690106846392155}, {'id': 132, 'seek': 147800, 'start': 1478.0, 'end': 1497.0, 'text': ' So if you were very successful like for example Volkswagen with combustion engines in the past they have inertia to change and need some competitor like for example Tesla to convince them that they need to move forward also.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 291, 645, 588, 4406, 411, 337, 1365, 39856, 365, 28121, 12982, 294, 264, 1791, 436, 362, 37234, 281, 1319, 293, 643, 512, 27266, 411, 337, 1365, 13666, 281, 13447, 552, 300, 436, 643, 281, 1286, 2128, 611, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1226810867136175, 'compression_ratio': 1.5033557046979866, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08251719921827316}, {'id': 133, 'seek': 149700, 'start': 1497.0, 'end': 1524.0, 'text': ' Through the process of evolution you also gain efficiency which on the other hand then enables innovation and together with the fact that everything evolves and you gain efficiency you can then develop higher order systems which create new sorts of value.', 'tokens': [50414, 8927, 264, 1399, 295, 9303, 291, 611, 6052, 10493, 597, 322, 264, 661, 1011, 550, 17077, 8504, 293, 1214, 365, 264, 1186, 300, 1203, 43737, 293, 291, 6052, 10493, 291, 393, 550, 1499, 2946, 1668, 3652, 597, 1884, 777, 7527, 295, 2158, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1349501195161239, 'compression_ratio': 1.6037735849056605, 'no_speech_prob': 0.021261172369122505}, {'id': 134, 'seek': 152700, 'start': 1527.0, 'end': 1534.0, 'text': ' Yes so these are a few climatic patterns the most important for.', 'tokens': [50364, 1079, 370, 613, 366, 257, 1326, 5644, 2399, 8294, 264, 881, 1021, 337, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24424681067466736, 'compression_ratio': 1.1770833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04385785013437271}, {'id': 135, 'seek': 152700, 'start': 1534.0, 'end': 1539.0, 'text': ' There are a few more nearly 40 in total I think.', 'tokens': [50714, 821, 366, 257, 1326, 544, 6217, 3356, 294, 3217, 286, 519, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24424681067466736, 'compression_ratio': 1.1770833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04385785013437271}, {'id': 136, 'seek': 153900, 'start': 1539.0, 'end': 1557.0, 'text': ' Oh another important one is no one size fits all means that you should not inflict one single method on the whole company because depending on what matter you are dealing with and in which area of the evolution axis.', 'tokens': [50364, 876, 1071, 1021, 472, 307, 572, 472, 2744, 9001, 439, 1355, 300, 291, 820, 406, 38137, 472, 2167, 3170, 322, 264, 1379, 2237, 570, 5413, 322, 437, 1871, 291, 366, 6260, 365, 293, 294, 597, 1859, 295, 264, 9303, 10298, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18586455622026998, 'compression_ratio': 1.59375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04809027910232544}, {'id': 137, 'seek': 153900, 'start': 1557.0, 'end': 1565.0, 'text': ' This component or factor is located you need to utilize different techniques and methods.', 'tokens': [51264, 639, 6542, 420, 5952, 307, 6870, 291, 643, 281, 16117, 819, 7512, 293, 7150, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18586455622026998, 'compression_ratio': 1.59375, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04809027910232544}, {'id': 138, 'seek': 156500, 'start': 1565.0, 'end': 1575.0, 'text': ' So as I mentioned before when you are dealing with highly commoditized component you are best.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 382, 286, 2835, 949, 562, 291, 366, 6260, 365, 5405, 19931, 270, 1602, 6542, 291, 366, 1151, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19775211449825403, 'compression_ratio': 1.583815028901734, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004977768752723932}, {'id': 139, 'seek': 156500, 'start': 1575.0, 'end': 1587.0, 'text': ' You are best on the way using six sigma when you use standard products and you go with lean and for you new stuff and.', 'tokens': [50864, 509, 366, 1151, 322, 264, 636, 1228, 2309, 12771, 562, 291, 764, 3832, 3383, 293, 291, 352, 365, 11659, 293, 337, 291, 777, 1507, 293, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19775211449825403, 'compression_ratio': 1.583815028901734, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004977768752723932}, {'id': 140, 'seek': 156500, 'start': 1587.0, 'end': 1593.0, 'text': ' You use agile techniques and try to build them in the house.', 'tokens': [51464, 509, 764, 30072, 7512, 293, 853, 281, 1322, 552, 294, 264, 1782, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19775211449825403, 'compression_ratio': 1.583815028901734, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004977768752723932}, {'id': 141, 'seek': 159300, 'start': 1593.0, 'end': 1603.0, 'text': " So this is the table of climatic patterns which Simon generated so I've highlighted the five that we dealt with.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 307, 264, 3199, 295, 5644, 2399, 8294, 597, 13193, 10833, 370, 286, 600, 17173, 264, 1732, 300, 321, 15991, 365, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18084983825683593, 'compression_ratio': 1.5047619047619047, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007550737936981022}, {'id': 142, 'seek': 159300, 'start': 1603.0, 'end': 1618.0, 'text': ' Already everything involves to supply and demand competition using the method fits all higher order systems create new sources of value efficiency enables innovation and succeed a success breeds inertia.', 'tokens': [50864, 23741, 1203, 11626, 281, 5847, 293, 4733, 6211, 1228, 264, 3170, 9001, 439, 2946, 1668, 3652, 1884, 777, 7139, 295, 2158, 10493, 17077, 8504, 293, 7754, 257, 2245, 41609, 37234, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18084983825683593, 'compression_ratio': 1.5047619047619047, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0007550737936981022}, {'id': 143, 'seek': 161800, 'start': 1618.0, 'end': 1625.0, 'text': ' There are a few more important ones for example characteristics change as components evolve.', 'tokens': [50364, 821, 366, 257, 1326, 544, 1021, 2306, 337, 1365, 10891, 1319, 382, 6677, 16693, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17413663173067398, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03619346767663956}, {'id': 144, 'seek': 161800, 'start': 1625.0, 'end': 1634.0, 'text': ' Which is due to the fact that when something is very on the very far left of the water map.', 'tokens': [50714, 3013, 307, 3462, 281, 264, 1186, 300, 562, 746, 307, 588, 322, 264, 588, 1400, 1411, 295, 264, 1281, 4471, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17413663173067398, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03619346767663956}, {'id': 145, 'seek': 161800, 'start': 1634.0, 'end': 1644.0, 'text': ' It has a different characteristic as when it is located on the very far right because on the far left we have novel things.', 'tokens': [51164, 467, 575, 257, 819, 16282, 382, 562, 309, 307, 6870, 322, 264, 588, 1400, 558, 570, 322, 264, 1400, 1411, 321, 362, 7613, 721, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17413663173067398, 'compression_ratio': 1.6559139784946237, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03619346767663956}, {'id': 146, 'seek': 164400, 'start': 1644.0, 'end': 1664.0, 'text': ' They are they are rare they are new they are unchallenged and on the very far left we have very established things very common widely available and a lot of people know how to deal with it.', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 366, 436, 366, 5892, 436, 366, 777, 436, 366, 33686, 336, 1501, 292, 293, 322, 264, 588, 1400, 1411, 321, 362, 588, 7545, 721, 588, 2689, 13371, 2435, 293, 257, 688, 295, 561, 458, 577, 281, 2028, 365, 309, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12610898547702365, 'compression_ratio': 1.512, 'no_speech_prob': 0.00830976665019989}, {'id': 147, 'seek': 166400, 'start': 1664.0, 'end': 1677.0, 'text': ' We have no choice over evolution as soon as we suffer from competition there will always be evolution and we have to react to that.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 362, 572, 3922, 670, 9303, 382, 2321, 382, 321, 9753, 490, 6211, 456, 486, 1009, 312, 9303, 293, 321, 362, 281, 4515, 281, 300, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16729940906647714, 'compression_ratio': 1.6123595505617978, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0814303383231163}, {'id': 148, 'seek': 166400, 'start': 1677.0, 'end': 1690.0, 'text': ' So the next thing in the process of what you mapping is and the strategy cycle that we deal with doctrine a short question pip are there already questions.', 'tokens': [51014, 407, 264, 958, 551, 294, 264, 1399, 295, 437, 291, 18350, 307, 293, 264, 5206, 6586, 300, 321, 2028, 365, 23290, 257, 2099, 1168, 8489, 366, 456, 1217, 1651, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16729940906647714, 'compression_ratio': 1.6123595505617978, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0814303383231163}, {'id': 149, 'seek': 169000, 'start': 1690.0, 'end': 1703.0, 'text': " We've had a really interesting query from Hendrik on our live stream he's just querying with this work or how would this work for a service instead of a product.", 'tokens': [50364, 492, 600, 632, 257, 534, 1880, 14581, 490, 28594, 14456, 322, 527, 1621, 4309, 415, 311, 445, 7083, 1840, 365, 341, 589, 420, 577, 576, 341, 589, 337, 257, 2643, 2602, 295, 257, 1674, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14905079205830893, 'compression_ratio': 1.7359550561797752, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07719534635543823}, {'id': 150, 'seek': 169000, 'start': 1703.0, 'end': 1707.0, 'text': ' The question again please how this would work.', 'tokens': [51014, 440, 1168, 797, 1767, 577, 341, 576, 589, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14905079205830893, 'compression_ratio': 1.7359550561797752, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07719534635543823}, {'id': 151, 'seek': 169000, 'start': 1707.0, 'end': 1715.0, 'text': ' How would it work how would mapping work for a service instead of a product that is being delivered.', 'tokens': [51214, 1012, 576, 309, 589, 577, 576, 18350, 589, 337, 257, 2643, 2602, 295, 257, 1674, 300, 307, 885, 10144, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14905079205830893, 'compression_ratio': 1.7359550561797752, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07719534635543823}, {'id': 152, 'seek': 171500, 'start': 1716.0, 'end': 1721.0, 'text': ' Okay, and what you mapping works as well for a service as it does for a product.', 'tokens': [50414, 1033, 11, 293, 437, 291, 18350, 1985, 382, 731, 337, 257, 2643, 382, 309, 775, 337, 257, 1674, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1715539763955509, 'compression_ratio': 1.8271604938271604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013196692802011967}, {'id': 153, 'seek': 171500, 'start': 1721.0, 'end': 1741.0, 'text': ' Because we also have, we can determine the stage of evolution also for a service, and we can also determine what we need to provide what we need to provide the service so what we mapping works for nearly everything.', 'tokens': [50664, 1436, 321, 611, 362, 11, 321, 393, 6997, 264, 3233, 295, 9303, 611, 337, 257, 2643, 11, 293, 321, 393, 611, 6997, 437, 321, 643, 281, 2893, 437, 321, 643, 281, 2893, 264, 2643, 370, 437, 321, 18350, 1985, 337, 6217, 1203, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1715539763955509, 'compression_ratio': 1.8271604938271604, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013196692802011967}, {'id': 154, 'seek': 174100, 'start': 1742.0, 'end': 1747.0, 'text': ' Yeah, I hope that answers the other jumping.', 'tokens': [50414, 865, 11, 286, 1454, 300, 6338, 264, 661, 11233, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25960390726725263, 'compression_ratio': 1.5621890547263682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06922826915979385}, {'id': 155, 'seek': 174100, 'start': 1747.0, 'end': 1752.0, 'text': ' Yes, from my point of view.', 'tokens': [50664, 1079, 11, 490, 452, 935, 295, 1910, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25960390726725263, 'compression_ratio': 1.5621890547263682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06922826915979385}, {'id': 156, 'seek': 174100, 'start': 1752.0, 'end': 1760.0, 'text': " It's also made for services because you are trying to meet a real customers need with a service.", 'tokens': [50914, 467, 311, 611, 1027, 337, 3328, 570, 291, 366, 1382, 281, 1677, 257, 957, 4581, 643, 365, 257, 2643, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25960390726725263, 'compression_ratio': 1.5621890547263682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06922826915979385}, {'id': 157, 'seek': 174100, 'start': 1760.0, 'end': 1768.0, 'text': ' And you have also some components and maybe we are talking about the pizza delivery service for example not about a pizza but about the service.', 'tokens': [51314, 400, 291, 362, 611, 512, 6677, 293, 1310, 321, 366, 1417, 466, 264, 8298, 8982, 2643, 337, 1365, 406, 466, 257, 8298, 457, 466, 264, 2643, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.25960390726725263, 'compression_ratio': 1.5621890547263682, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06922826915979385}, {'id': 158, 'seek': 176800, 'start': 1768.0, 'end': 1775.0, 'text': ' And then you have different components and they are at a different stage for example, and they are evolving.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 291, 362, 819, 6677, 293, 436, 366, 412, 257, 819, 3233, 337, 1365, 11, 293, 436, 366, 21085, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10631088712322179, 'compression_ratio': 1.6538461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029617182910442352}, {'id': 159, 'seek': 176800, 'start': 1775.0, 'end': 1791.0, 'text': ' And maybe you can just use some cars to bring the pizza to some guys, or maybe you want to have an electric scooter or something like this, which is maybe some other kind of location location.', 'tokens': [50714, 400, 1310, 291, 393, 445, 764, 512, 5163, 281, 1565, 264, 8298, 281, 512, 1074, 11, 420, 1310, 291, 528, 281, 362, 364, 5210, 30441, 420, 746, 411, 341, 11, 597, 307, 1310, 512, 661, 733, 295, 4914, 4914, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10631088712322179, 'compression_ratio': 1.6538461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.029617182910442352}, {'id': 160, 'seek': 179100, 'start': 1791.0, 'end': 1802.0, 'text': " It's not maybe not commodity as a car maybe it's just a new rising products, which you use to make your service even more environment friendly or something like this.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 406, 1310, 406, 29125, 382, 257, 1032, 1310, 309, 311, 445, 257, 777, 11636, 3383, 11, 597, 291, 764, 281, 652, 428, 2643, 754, 544, 2823, 9208, 420, 746, 411, 341, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15311500004359654, 'compression_ratio': 1.528497409326425, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03485003858804703}, {'id': 161, 'seek': 179100, 'start': 1802.0, 'end': 1808.0, 'text': ' These are just all decisions, strategic decisions you can make.', 'tokens': [50914, 1981, 366, 445, 439, 5327, 11, 10924, 5327, 291, 393, 652, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15311500004359654, 'compression_ratio': 1.528497409326425, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03485003858804703}, {'id': 162, 'seek': 179100, 'start': 1808.0, 'end': 1818.0, 'text': " And I think, maybe that's an example just from my point of view.", 'tokens': [51214, 400, 286, 519, 11, 1310, 300, 311, 364, 1365, 445, 490, 452, 935, 295, 1910, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15311500004359654, 'compression_ratio': 1.528497409326425, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03485003858804703}, {'id': 163, 'seek': 181800, 'start': 1818.0, 'end': 1822.0, 'text': ' Okay, I hope that answers the question.', 'tokens': [50364, 1033, 11, 286, 1454, 300, 6338, 264, 1168, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16281091755834118, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012547752819955349}, {'id': 164, 'seek': 181800, 'start': 1822.0, 'end': 1825.0, 'text': ' If not, I would like.', 'tokens': [50564, 759, 406, 11, 286, 576, 411, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16281091755834118, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012547752819955349}, {'id': 165, 'seek': 181800, 'start': 1825.0, 'end': 1831.0, 'text': ' What was the name Henry, I think I would like to ask the the', 'tokens': [50714, 708, 390, 264, 1315, 11085, 11, 286, 519, 286, 576, 411, 281, 1029, 264, 264, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16281091755834118, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012547752819955349}, {'id': 166, 'seek': 181800, 'start': 1831.0, 'end': 1841.0, 'text': ' Henry to post the question maybe a little bit more with a little bit more detail.', 'tokens': [51014, 11085, 281, 2183, 264, 1168, 1310, 257, 707, 857, 544, 365, 257, 707, 857, 544, 2607, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16281091755834118, 'compression_ratio': 1.5813953488372092, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012547752819955349}, {'id': 167, 'seek': 184100, 'start': 1841.0, 'end': 1850.0, 'text': ' Alright, so the next thing we deal with, as I said on the strategy cycle and the process of what the mapping is doctrine.', 'tokens': [50364, 2798, 11, 370, 264, 958, 551, 321, 2028, 365, 11, 382, 286, 848, 322, 264, 5206, 6586, 293, 264, 1399, 295, 437, 264, 18350, 307, 23290, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1745959440867106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22189441323280334}, {'id': 168, 'seek': 184100, 'start': 1850.0, 'end': 1868.0, 'text': ' So we remember that doctrine are used generally useful principles for organizing for organizing an organization and that you can rely on and make use of.', 'tokens': [50814, 407, 321, 1604, 300, 23290, 366, 1143, 5101, 4420, 9156, 337, 17608, 337, 17608, 364, 4475, 293, 300, 291, 393, 10687, 322, 293, 652, 764, 295, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1745959440867106, 'compression_ratio': 1.5625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22189441323280334}, {'id': 169, 'seek': 186800, 'start': 1868.0, 'end': 1895.0, 'text': " So a few of those a few of those principles are for example focus on user needs, which is, I think the most important one, whereas I just read a tweet from Simon last night, where he talked about the fact that the that it doesn't, or it is not sufficient to just", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 257, 1326, 295, 729, 257, 1326, 295, 729, 9156, 366, 337, 1365, 1879, 322, 4195, 2203, 11, 597, 307, 11, 286, 519, 264, 881, 1021, 472, 11, 9735, 286, 445, 1401, 257, 15258, 490, 13193, 1036, 1818, 11, 689, 415, 2825, 466, 264, 1186, 300, 264, 300, 309, 1177, 380, 11, 420, 309, 307, 406, 11563, 281, 445, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16579163263714503, 'compression_ratio': 1.5783132530120483, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08617299795150757}, {'id': 170, 'seek': 189500, 'start': 1895.0, 'end': 1906.0, 'text': ' focus on user needs and that this topic is evolving and he will revise his doctrine table in the near future.', 'tokens': [50364, 1879, 322, 4195, 2203, 293, 300, 341, 4829, 307, 21085, 293, 415, 486, 44252, 702, 23290, 3199, 294, 264, 2651, 2027, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09346406100547477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5691489361702127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06175673007965088}, {'id': 171, 'seek': 189500, 'start': 1906.0, 'end': 1918.0, 'text': " And so I'm very, very keen on finding out how this will change but anyway, for the moment being, and I think that's still very valid.", 'tokens': [50914, 400, 370, 286, 478, 588, 11, 588, 20297, 322, 5006, 484, 577, 341, 486, 1319, 457, 4033, 11, 337, 264, 1623, 885, 11, 293, 286, 519, 300, 311, 920, 588, 7363, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09346406100547477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5691489361702127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06175673007965088}, {'id': 172, 'seek': 189500, 'start': 1918.0, 'end': 1923.0, 'text': ' The most important thing is to focus on user needs.', 'tokens': [51514, 440, 881, 1021, 551, 307, 281, 1879, 322, 4195, 2203, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09346406100547477, 'compression_ratio': 1.5691489361702127, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06175673007965088}, {'id': 173, 'seek': 192300, 'start': 1923.0, 'end': 1949.0, 'text': ' Next thing, for example, is to think fast and inexpensive restraint and elegant to think small, for example, as in teams, I think the two pizza teams from Amazon are quite famous and to use appropriate methods, which also relies to the climatic pattern that', 'tokens': [50364, 3087, 551, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 307, 281, 519, 2370, 293, 28382, 49281, 293, 21117, 281, 519, 1359, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 382, 294, 5491, 11, 286, 519, 264, 732, 8298, 5491, 490, 6795, 366, 1596, 4618, 293, 281, 764, 6854, 7150, 11, 597, 611, 30910, 281, 264, 5644, 2399, 5102, 300, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18469900744301931, 'compression_ratio': 1.5481927710843373, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013821565546095371}, {'id': 174, 'seek': 194900, 'start': 1949.0, 'end': 1970.0, 'text': ' using a method fits all. And so you have to use the appropriate methods in your organization, depending on what depending on what kind of component in which kind of in which stage of the evolution you are dealing with.', 'tokens': [50364, 1228, 257, 3170, 9001, 439, 13, 400, 370, 291, 362, 281, 764, 264, 6854, 7150, 294, 428, 4475, 11, 5413, 322, 437, 5413, 322, 437, 733, 295, 6542, 294, 597, 733, 295, 294, 597, 3233, 295, 264, 9303, 291, 366, 6260, 365, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13979105239218853, 'compression_ratio': 1.5683453237410072, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10944458842277527}, {'id': 175, 'seek': 197000, 'start': 1970.0, 'end': 1994.0, 'text': ' So this is the table with the doctrine list, the doctrine list with the four doctrines we just covered highlighted. And there are also a few more, like for example be transparent, which means that you should be most as open as possible.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 341, 307, 264, 3199, 365, 264, 23290, 1329, 11, 264, 23290, 1329, 365, 264, 1451, 46040, 1652, 321, 445, 5343, 17173, 13, 400, 456, 366, 611, 257, 1326, 544, 11, 411, 337, 1365, 312, 12737, 11, 597, 1355, 300, 291, 820, 312, 881, 382, 1269, 382, 1944, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14614552371906783, 'compression_ratio': 1.5324675324675325, 'no_speech_prob': 0.24461019039154053}, {'id': 176, 'seek': 199400, 'start': 1994.0, 'end': 2017.0, 'text': ' And also, and also there the monthly the water map is a prominent example for that. If you have a water map and you share it with others and you invite them to challenge and discuss your actual state of knowledge.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 611, 11, 293, 611, 456, 264, 12878, 264, 1281, 4471, 307, 257, 17034, 1365, 337, 300, 13, 759, 291, 362, 257, 1281, 4471, 293, 291, 2073, 309, 365, 2357, 293, 291, 7980, 552, 281, 3430, 293, 2248, 428, 3539, 1785, 295, 3601, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19992458820343018, 'compression_ratio': 1.4895104895104896, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1987415999174118}, {'id': 177, 'seek': 201700, 'start': 2017.0, 'end': 2028.0, 'text': " And also involved because you've you've sparked a discussion and challenge your assumptions.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 611, 3288, 570, 291, 600, 291, 600, 39653, 257, 5017, 293, 3430, 428, 17695, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2852422893047333, 'compression_ratio': 1.3333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1555073857307434}, {'id': 178, 'seek': 201700, 'start': 2028.0, 'end': 2035.0, 'text': ' Another one being user common language necessary for collaboration.', 'tokens': [50914, 3996, 472, 885, 4195, 2689, 2856, 4818, 337, 9363, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2852422893047333, 'compression_ratio': 1.3333333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1555073857307434}, {'id': 179, 'seek': 203500, 'start': 2035.0, 'end': 2059.0, 'text': " And that for example finance and it don't understand each other. And which makes it sometimes quite complicated for them to work together and also and there's also a thing also a point where a water map can be of use, because you also have you again have a single artifact.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 337, 1365, 10719, 293, 309, 500, 380, 1223, 1184, 661, 13, 400, 597, 1669, 309, 2171, 1596, 6179, 337, 552, 281, 589, 1214, 293, 611, 293, 456, 311, 611, 257, 551, 611, 257, 935, 689, 257, 1281, 4471, 393, 312, 295, 764, 11, 570, 291, 611, 362, 291, 797, 362, 257, 2167, 34806, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20640336672465007, 'compression_ratio': 1.5689655172413792, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4179146885871887}, {'id': 180, 'seek': 205900, 'start': 2059.0, 'end': 2084.0, 'text': " And if you look at the map and you know how a map looks like, you immediately have the common language, for example, if I talk about the upper left or the lower right, everybody knows if he knows how a monthly map looks like what I'm talking about.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 498, 291, 574, 412, 264, 4471, 293, 291, 458, 577, 257, 4471, 1542, 411, 11, 291, 4258, 362, 264, 2689, 2856, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 498, 286, 751, 466, 264, 6597, 1411, 420, 264, 3126, 558, 11, 2201, 3255, 498, 415, 3255, 577, 257, 12878, 4471, 1542, 411, 437, 286, 478, 1417, 466, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17640718363099178, 'compression_ratio': 1.5308641975308641, 'no_speech_prob': 0.043327659368515015}, {'id': 181, 'seek': 208400, 'start': 2084.0, 'end': 2105.0, 'text': ' And all again, not only in teams but also as you know the details so the better your knowledge of of matters and facts is the more advantage you have to provide purpose mastery and autonomy, like Daniel pink drive.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 439, 797, 11, 406, 787, 294, 5491, 457, 611, 382, 291, 458, 264, 4365, 370, 264, 1101, 428, 3601, 295, 295, 7001, 293, 9130, 307, 264, 544, 5002, 291, 362, 281, 2893, 4334, 37951, 293, 27278, 11, 411, 8033, 7022, 3332, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2381719021086997, 'compression_ratio': 1.436241610738255, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22221273183822632}, {'id': 182, 'seek': 210500, 'start': 2105.0, 'end': 2110.0, 'text': ' And I can see.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 393, 536, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459901173909506, 'compression_ratio': 1.5797101449275361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21152149140834808}, {'id': 183, 'seek': 210500, 'start': 2110.0, 'end': 2115.0, 'text': ' Think aptitude and attitude.', 'tokens': [50614, 6557, 29427, 4377, 293, 10157, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459901173909506, 'compression_ratio': 1.5797101449275361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21152149140834808}, {'id': 184, 'seek': 210500, 'start': 2115.0, 'end': 2122.0, 'text': ' Meaning that you have to have the right people in the right positions.', 'tokens': [50864, 19948, 300, 291, 362, 281, 362, 264, 558, 561, 294, 264, 558, 8432, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459901173909506, 'compression_ratio': 1.5797101449275361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21152149140834808}, {'id': 185, 'seek': 210500, 'start': 2122.0, 'end': 2126.0, 'text': ' And the right skills at hand.', 'tokens': [51214, 400, 264, 558, 3942, 412, 1011, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459901173909506, 'compression_ratio': 1.5797101449275361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21152149140834808}, {'id': 186, 'seek': 210500, 'start': 2126.0, 'end': 2134.0, 'text': ' And of course that you decide for constant design for constant evolution.', 'tokens': [51414, 400, 295, 1164, 300, 291, 4536, 337, 5754, 1715, 337, 5754, 9303, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17459901173909506, 'compression_ratio': 1.5797101449275361, 'no_speech_prob': 0.21152149140834808}, {'id': 187, 'seek': 213400, 'start': 2134.0, 'end': 2137.0, 'text': ' So these are.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 613, 366, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4152655005455017, 'compression_ratio': 0.6190476190476191, 'no_speech_prob': 0.004066459368914366}, {'id': 188, 'seek': 213700, 'start': 2137.0, 'end': 2152.0, 'text': " So I'm a what we also says that before you try to inflict too many changes, or to make two quick reactions.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 286, 478, 257, 437, 321, 611, 1619, 300, 949, 291, 853, 281, 38137, 886, 867, 2962, 11, 420, 281, 652, 732, 1702, 12215, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22053328266850225, 'compression_ratio': 1.509090909090909, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010808270424604416}, {'id': 189, 'seek': 213700, 'start': 2152.0, 'end': 2165.0, 'text': ' You have to fix your doctrine first, meaning that you have to have the right organization principles established throughout the organization.', 'tokens': [51114, 509, 362, 281, 3191, 428, 23290, 700, 11, 3620, 300, 291, 362, 281, 362, 264, 558, 4475, 9156, 7545, 3710, 264, 4475, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22053328266850225, 'compression_ratio': 1.509090909090909, 'no_speech_prob': 0.010808270424604416}, {'id': 190, 'seek': 216500, 'start': 2165.0, 'end': 2171.0, 'text': ' So the last step is the act of leadership or gameplay.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 1036, 1823, 307, 264, 605, 295, 5848, 420, 11421, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08111397681697723, 'compression_ratio': 1.1827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.032560285180807114}, {'id': 191, 'seek': 216500, 'start': 2171.0, 'end': 2180.0, 'text': ' And that is the question, for example, where to invest.', 'tokens': [50664, 400, 300, 307, 264, 1168, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 689, 281, 1963, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08111397681697723, 'compression_ratio': 1.1827956989247312, 'no_speech_prob': 0.032560285180807114}, {'id': 192, 'seek': 218000, 'start': 2180.0, 'end': 2204.0, 'text': ' And then back to the online photo service, which was doing quite well, as Simon said, but they could anticipate that soon they would have competitors and the whole thing of the main business would move further right become more evolved.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 646, 281, 264, 2950, 5052, 2643, 11, 597, 390, 884, 1596, 731, 11, 382, 13193, 848, 11, 457, 436, 727, 21685, 300, 2321, 436, 576, 362, 18333, 293, 264, 1379, 551, 295, 264, 2135, 1606, 576, 1286, 3052, 558, 1813, 544, 14178, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1900922035684391, 'compression_ratio': 1.4658385093167703, 'no_speech_prob': 0.30679598450660706}, {'id': 193, 'seek': 220400, 'start': 2204.0, 'end': 2211.0, 'text': ' And so the it was.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 370, 264, 309, 390, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18843547717944995, 'compression_ratio': 1.3888888888888888, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05173160508275032}, {'id': 194, 'seek': 220400, 'start': 2211.0, 'end': 2221.0, 'text': ' It was already visible that there were changes, changes ahead and changes to the business model and they would need a new strategy.', 'tokens': [50714, 467, 390, 1217, 8974, 300, 456, 645, 2962, 11, 2962, 2286, 293, 2962, 281, 264, 1606, 2316, 293, 436, 576, 643, 257, 777, 5206, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18843547717944995, 'compression_ratio': 1.3888888888888888, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05173160508275032}, {'id': 195, 'seek': 222100, 'start': 2221.0, 'end': 2233.0, 'text': ' So they were confronted with the question, where should they invest or where should they make strategic investments.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 436, 645, 31257, 365, 264, 1168, 11, 689, 820, 436, 1963, 420, 689, 820, 436, 652, 10924, 13784, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14667678523708033, 'compression_ratio': 1.4444444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03564779460430145}, {'id': 196, 'seek': 222100, 'start': 2233.0, 'end': 2240.0, 'text': ' And what should they rely upon as a future business.', 'tokens': [50964, 400, 437, 820, 436, 10687, 3564, 382, 257, 2027, 1606, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14667678523708033, 'compression_ratio': 1.4444444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03564779460430145}, {'id': 197, 'seek': 224000, 'start': 2240.0, 'end': 2259.0, 'text': ' So you have quite a few areas where you could invest, for example, on top the main business at that time, or maybe everywhere where compute is and the data processing was taking place.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 362, 1596, 257, 1326, 3179, 689, 291, 727, 1963, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 322, 1192, 264, 2135, 1606, 412, 300, 565, 11, 420, 1310, 5315, 689, 14722, 307, 293, 264, 1412, 9007, 390, 1940, 1081, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11213916745679132, 'compression_ratio': 1.4885057471264367, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0856831967830658}, {'id': 198, 'seek': 224000, 'start': 2259.0, 'end': 2267.0, 'text': ' And yeah, I have multiple points where possible investments could be made.', 'tokens': [51314, 400, 1338, 11, 286, 362, 3866, 2793, 689, 1944, 13784, 727, 312, 1027, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.11213916745679132, 'compression_ratio': 1.4885057471264367, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0856831967830658}, {'id': 199, 'seek': 226700, 'start': 2267.0, 'end': 2270.0, 'text': ' We have a question for you, Florian.', 'tokens': [50364, 492, 362, 257, 1168, 337, 291, 11, 8328, 952, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2169996698697408, 'compression_ratio': 1.2478632478632479, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08455824106931686}, {'id': 200, 'seek': 226700, 'start': 2270.0, 'end': 2277.0, 'text': ' It is from Maru must these two axes really always be the same.', 'tokens': [50514, 467, 307, 490, 2039, 84, 1633, 613, 732, 35387, 534, 1009, 312, 264, 912, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2169996698697408, 'compression_ratio': 1.2478632478632479, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08455824106931686}, {'id': 201, 'seek': 226700, 'start': 2277.0, 'end': 2280.0, 'text': ' It seems to be quite limiting.', 'tokens': [50864, 467, 2544, 281, 312, 1596, 22083, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2169996698697408, 'compression_ratio': 1.2478632478632479, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08455824106931686}, {'id': 202, 'seek': 226700, 'start': 2280.0, 'end': 2282.0, 'text': " No, they don't.", 'tokens': [51014, 883, 11, 436, 500, 380, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2169996698697408, 'compression_ratio': 1.2478632478632479, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08455824106931686}, {'id': 203, 'seek': 228200, 'start': 2282.0, 'end': 2291.0, 'text': ' Then it is quite common to use different different descriptions for the evolution access.', 'tokens': [50364, 1396, 309, 307, 1596, 2689, 281, 764, 819, 819, 24406, 337, 264, 9303, 2105, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24949766554922428, 'compression_ratio': 1.4350649350649352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12065894901752472}, {'id': 204, 'seek': 228200, 'start': 2291.0, 'end': 2296.0, 'text': " And you also don't have to have a Y access at all.", 'tokens': [50814, 400, 291, 611, 500, 380, 362, 281, 362, 257, 398, 2105, 412, 439, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24949766554922428, 'compression_ratio': 1.4350649350649352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12065894901752472}, {'id': 205, 'seek': 228200, 'start': 2296.0, 'end': 2308.0, 'text': ' The Y axis visibility is only an aid and helps people starting out with mapping.', 'tokens': [51064, 440, 398, 10298, 19883, 307, 787, 364, 9418, 293, 3665, 561, 2891, 484, 365, 18350, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24949766554922428, 'compression_ratio': 1.4350649350649352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12065894901752472}, {'id': 206, 'seek': 230800, 'start': 2308.0, 'end': 2313.0, 'text': " And if you don't want to use it, you don't have to.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 498, 291, 500, 380, 528, 281, 764, 309, 11, 291, 500, 380, 362, 281, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07708132013361504, 'compression_ratio': 1.3555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03255941718816757}, {'id': 207, 'seek': 230800, 'start': 2313.0, 'end': 2325.0, 'text': ' And regarding the X axis, there are a few other quite common descriptions for the different stages, which are also interchangeable.', 'tokens': [50614, 400, 8595, 264, 1783, 10298, 11, 456, 366, 257, 1326, 661, 1596, 2689, 24406, 337, 264, 819, 10232, 11, 597, 366, 611, 30358, 712, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.07708132013361504, 'compression_ratio': 1.3555555555555556, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03255941718816757}, {'id': 208, 'seek': 232500, 'start': 2325.0, 'end': 2344.0, 'text': " There is an over view by Simon with the possible names and descriptions that depends on what you're doing with, whether you're dealing with data with the knowledge or with products, services, whatever.", 'tokens': [50364, 821, 307, 364, 670, 1910, 538, 13193, 365, 264, 1944, 5288, 293, 24406, 300, 5946, 322, 437, 291, 434, 884, 365, 11, 1968, 291, 434, 6260, 365, 1412, 365, 264, 3601, 420, 365, 3383, 11, 3328, 11, 2035, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26784953133004613, 'compression_ratio': 1.5824175824175823, 'no_speech_prob': 0.044005975127220154}, {'id': 209, 'seek': 232500, 'start': 2344.0, 'end': 2351.0, 'text': ' You also can map a thicker or political things and just change the access description.', 'tokens': [51314, 509, 611, 393, 4471, 257, 18142, 420, 3905, 721, 293, 445, 1319, 264, 2105, 3855, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26784953133004613, 'compression_ratio': 1.5824175824175823, 'no_speech_prob': 0.044005975127220154}, {'id': 210, 'seek': 235100, 'start': 2351.0, 'end': 2376.0, 'text': ' It is also quite common to not use Genesis custom build product or commodity, but just use the Roman numerals one, two, three, and four, and just to make or just to represent that there is an evolution taking place, which you can also see in, for example, knowledge or politics, whatever.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 307, 611, 1596, 2689, 281, 406, 764, 20587, 2375, 1322, 1674, 420, 29125, 11, 457, 445, 764, 264, 8566, 7866, 1124, 472, 11, 732, 11, 1045, 11, 293, 1451, 11, 293, 445, 281, 652, 420, 445, 281, 2906, 300, 456, 307, 364, 9303, 1940, 1081, 11, 597, 291, 393, 611, 536, 294, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 3601, 420, 7341, 11, 2035, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16354102519021105, 'compression_ratio': 1.5157894736842106, 'no_speech_prob': 0.008705890737473965}, {'id': 211, 'seek': 237600, 'start': 2376.0, 'end': 2382.0, 'text': ' I hope that answers that question.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 1454, 300, 6338, 300, 1168, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4458699862162272, 'compression_ratio': 0.9423076923076923, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17973653972148895}, {'id': 212, 'seek': 237600, 'start': 2382.0, 'end': 2385.0, 'text': ' Otherwise just', 'tokens': [50664, 10328, 445, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.4458699862162272, 'compression_ratio': 0.9423076923076923, 'no_speech_prob': 0.17973653972148895}, {'id': 213, 'seek': 238500, 'start': 2385.0, 'end': 2388.0, 'text': ' go ahead.', 'tokens': [50364, 352, 2286, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2973757730403417, 'compression_ratio': 1.5433526011560694, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5285439491271973}, {'id': 214, 'seek': 238500, 'start': 2388.0, 'end': 2391.0, 'text': ' And he had another question from Anthony.', 'tokens': [50514, 400, 415, 632, 1071, 1168, 490, 15853, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2973757730403417, 'compression_ratio': 1.5433526011560694, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5285439491271973}, {'id': 215, 'seek': 238500, 'start': 2391.0, 'end': 2414.0, 'text': " And he was asking if, for example, a power supplyer, if he's commodity all the time, or if you look into the company of itself, maybe he's also dealing with some agile things, for example, maybe he wants to try out.", 'tokens': [50664, 400, 415, 390, 3365, 498, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 257, 1347, 5847, 260, 11, 498, 415, 311, 29125, 439, 264, 565, 11, 420, 498, 291, 574, 666, 264, 2237, 295, 2564, 11, 1310, 415, 311, 611, 6260, 365, 512, 30072, 721, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 1310, 415, 2738, 281, 853, 484, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2973757730403417, 'compression_ratio': 1.5433526011560694, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5285439491271973}, {'id': 216, 'seek': 241400, 'start': 2414.0, 'end': 2418.0, 'text': ' Maybe he wants to try out some solar power generator or whatever.', 'tokens': [50364, 2704, 415, 2738, 281, 853, 484, 512, 7936, 1347, 19265, 420, 2035, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21443280467280634, 'compression_ratio': 1.4256756756756757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0733497142791748}, {'id': 217, 'seek': 241400, 'start': 2418.0, 'end': 2426.0, 'text': ' And I hope I said it right and the otherwise please interrupt me or correct me please.', 'tokens': [50564, 400, 286, 1454, 286, 848, 309, 558, 293, 264, 5911, 1767, 12729, 385, 420, 3006, 385, 1767, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21443280467280634, 'compression_ratio': 1.4256756756756757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0733497142791748}, {'id': 218, 'seek': 241400, 'start': 2426.0, 'end': 2431.0, 'text': " And, and from my perspective, it's a matter of the anchor.", 'tokens': [50964, 400, 11, 293, 490, 452, 4585, 11, 309, 311, 257, 1871, 295, 264, 18487, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21443280467280634, 'compression_ratio': 1.4256756756756757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0733497142791748}, {'id': 219, 'seek': 243100, 'start': 2431.0, 'end': 2447.0, 'text': ' So if you are with your company, you are you are trying to deserve a customer lead, and you are just want the power be there in the company and you want to plug some some plugs in.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 498, 291, 366, 365, 428, 2237, 11, 291, 366, 291, 366, 1382, 281, 9948, 257, 5474, 1477, 11, 293, 291, 366, 445, 528, 264, 1347, 312, 456, 294, 264, 2237, 293, 291, 528, 281, 5452, 512, 512, 33899, 294, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.26021050347222224, 'compression_ratio': 1.5384615384615385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3612229526042938}, {'id': 220, 'seek': 244700, 'start': 2447.0, 'end': 2466.0, 'text': " And that's that's just the outsourced thing, because you just pay the bill for your power supplier. And if you're zooming in, in the company of the power supplier, then there's another anchor, because the power supplier will serve another need.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 300, 311, 445, 264, 14758, 396, 1232, 551, 11, 570, 291, 445, 1689, 264, 2961, 337, 428, 1347, 31909, 13, 400, 498, 291, 434, 48226, 294, 11, 294, 264, 2237, 295, 264, 1347, 31909, 11, 550, 456, 311, 1071, 18487, 11, 570, 264, 1347, 31909, 486, 4596, 1071, 643, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13629730960779024, 'compression_ratio': 1.6712328767123288, 'no_speech_prob': 0.42749786376953125}, {'id': 221, 'seek': 246600, 'start': 2466.0, 'end': 2477.0, 'text': " And it's not your need of your customers, but it's a customer needs of the power supplier. So and for sure he's he's allowed to experiment.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 309, 311, 406, 428, 643, 295, 428, 4581, 11, 457, 309, 311, 257, 5474, 2203, 295, 264, 1347, 31909, 13, 407, 293, 337, 988, 415, 311, 415, 311, 4350, 281, 5120, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17168418098898494, 'compression_ratio': 1.6419753086419753, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1360362023115158}, {'id': 222, 'seek': 246600, 'start': 2477.0, 'end': 2488.0, 'text': " If you want to say so and for sure there are things that are evolving and so and but I think it's important where the need is.", 'tokens': [50914, 759, 291, 528, 281, 584, 370, 293, 337, 988, 456, 366, 721, 300, 366, 21085, 293, 370, 293, 457, 286, 519, 309, 311, 1021, 689, 264, 643, 307, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17168418098898494, 'compression_ratio': 1.6419753086419753, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1360362023115158}, {'id': 223, 'seek': 248800, 'start': 2488.0, 'end': 2493.0, 'text': ' For example, if I', 'tokens': [50364, 1171, 1365, 11, 498, 286, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20725435199159564, 'compression_ratio': 1.118279569892473, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16588224470615387}, {'id': 224, 'seek': 248800, 'start': 2493.0, 'end': 2501.0, 'text': " I don't know, I have no example right at hand but for me, power is really a commodity.", 'tokens': [50614, 286, 500, 380, 458, 11, 286, 362, 572, 1365, 558, 412, 1011, 457, 337, 385, 11, 1347, 307, 534, 257, 29125, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20725435199159564, 'compression_ratio': 1.118279569892473, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16588224470615387}, {'id': 225, 'seek': 250100, 'start': 2501.0, 'end': 2520.0, 'text': ' And I expect 99% availability, for example, and if if the if my power supplier would experiment I want him that the 99% availability is guaranteed for sure.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 2066, 11803, 4, 17945, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 293, 498, 498, 264, 498, 452, 1347, 31909, 576, 5120, 286, 528, 796, 300, 264, 11803, 4, 17945, 307, 18031, 337, 988, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20544615307369749, 'compression_ratio': 1.3448275862068966, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4929657578468323}, {'id': 226, 'seek': 252000, 'start': 2520.0, 'end': 2531.0, 'text': " So and maybe some startup could experiment and they say oh we are just in beta version or alpha version or something like this, then I don't expect the 99% availability, for example.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 293, 1310, 512, 18578, 727, 5120, 293, 436, 584, 1954, 321, 366, 445, 294, 9861, 3037, 420, 8961, 3037, 420, 746, 411, 341, 11, 550, 286, 500, 380, 2066, 264, 11803, 4, 17945, 11, 337, 1365, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2189045715332031, 'compression_ratio': 1.3856209150326797, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09686499089002609}, {'id': 227, 'seek': 252000, 'start': 2531.0, 'end': 2536.0, 'text': ' So maybe that helped Anthony.', 'tokens': [50914, 407, 1310, 300, 4254, 15853, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2189045715332031, 'compression_ratio': 1.3856209150326797, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09686499089002609}, {'id': 228, 'seek': 253600, 'start': 2536.0, 'end': 2552.0, 'text': " The original question actually was, is the talking about the different methods of managing so you know you talk about managing the stuff that's in Genesis and custom with HR methods and product and commodity with you know lean or six six six signal methods.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 3380, 1168, 767, 390, 11, 307, 264, 1417, 466, 264, 819, 7150, 295, 11642, 370, 291, 458, 291, 751, 466, 11642, 264, 1507, 300, 311, 294, 20587, 293, 2375, 365, 19460, 7150, 293, 1674, 293, 29125, 365, 291, 458, 11659, 420, 2309, 2309, 2309, 6358, 7150, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.32482492006742036, 'compression_ratio': 1.5766871165644172, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1038563922047615}, {'id': 229, 'seek': 255200, 'start': 2552.0, 'end': 2564.0, 'text': " The question is sort of managed from whose perspective so if I'm purchasing, if I'm building this thing, but I'm purchasing data center and purchasing power.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 1168, 307, 1333, 295, 6453, 490, 6104, 4585, 370, 498, 286, 478, 20906, 11, 498, 286, 478, 2390, 341, 551, 11, 457, 286, 478, 20906, 1412, 3056, 293, 20906, 1347, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1599820402802014, 'compression_ratio': 1.6951219512195121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2247842401266098}, {'id': 230, 'seek': 255200, 'start': 2564.0, 'end': 2571.0, 'text': " I'm not really managing those servers so I'm just trying to understand what that what that that managing perspective is.", 'tokens': [50964, 286, 478, 406, 534, 11642, 729, 15909, 370, 286, 478, 445, 1382, 281, 1223, 437, 300, 437, 300, 300, 11642, 4585, 307, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1599820402802014, 'compression_ratio': 1.6951219512195121, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2247842401266098}, {'id': 231, 'seek': 257100, 'start': 2571.0, 'end': 2584.0, 'text': " So is that thought around the visibility to invisibility. All right that visibility is from whose perspective it's the customers perspective. Right so the stuff that is up the top.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 307, 300, 1194, 926, 264, 19883, 281, 13308, 2841, 13, 1057, 558, 300, 19883, 307, 490, 6104, 4585, 309, 311, 264, 4581, 4585, 13, 1779, 370, 264, 1507, 300, 307, 493, 264, 1192, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16215916069186465, 'compression_ratio': 1.8493723849372385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0654747486114502}, {'id': 232, 'seek': 257100, 'start': 2584.0, 'end': 2600.0, 'text': " The actual power, for example, is is it's a commodity but it's, and that's what's at the visible end of the spectrum but all the things that sit below it might be further further to the left but they're further down more towards invisible to the customer right.", 'tokens': [51014, 440, 3539, 1347, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 307, 307, 309, 311, 257, 29125, 457, 309, 311, 11, 293, 300, 311, 437, 311, 412, 264, 8974, 917, 295, 264, 11143, 457, 439, 264, 721, 300, 1394, 2507, 309, 1062, 312, 3052, 3052, 281, 264, 1411, 457, 436, 434, 3052, 760, 544, 3030, 14603, 281, 264, 5474, 558, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16215916069186465, 'compression_ratio': 1.8493723849372385, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0654747486114502}, {'id': 233, 'seek': 260000, 'start': 2601.0, 'end': 2616.0, 'text': " Yeah, what is also quite notable is that each component can also be a map of its own. So that's like that came out in the discussion just or in the questions right now.", 'tokens': [50414, 865, 11, 437, 307, 611, 1596, 22556, 307, 300, 1184, 6542, 393, 611, 312, 257, 4471, 295, 1080, 1065, 13, 407, 300, 311, 411, 300, 1361, 484, 294, 264, 5017, 445, 420, 294, 264, 1651, 558, 586, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19898053577968053, 'compression_ratio': 1.3770491803278688, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03197791427373886}, {'id': 234, 'seek': 261600, 'start': 2617.0, 'end': 2636.0, 'text': ' When you are the power provider yourself, then you have a completely unique map for the power generation and the whole business and that you can dive into nearly every component and build a map of its own.', 'tokens': [50414, 1133, 291, 366, 264, 1347, 12398, 1803, 11, 550, 291, 362, 257, 2584, 3845, 4471, 337, 264, 1347, 5125, 293, 264, 1379, 1606, 293, 300, 291, 393, 9192, 666, 6217, 633, 6542, 293, 1322, 257, 4471, 295, 1080, 1065, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09561915831132368, 'compression_ratio': 1.474820143884892, 'no_speech_prob': 0.036163438111543655}, {'id': 235, 'seek': 263600, 'start': 2637.0, 'end': 2651.0, 'text': ' So if you think of everything like fractals, you know, and that they get smaller and smaller, which is why in order to make sense of this I will try to figure out find a tool that might really help and I came across kumu.io.', 'tokens': [50414, 407, 498, 291, 519, 295, 1203, 411, 17948, 1124, 11, 291, 458, 11, 293, 300, 436, 483, 4356, 293, 4356, 11, 597, 307, 983, 294, 1668, 281, 652, 2020, 295, 341, 286, 486, 853, 281, 2573, 484, 915, 257, 2290, 300, 1062, 534, 854, 293, 286, 1361, 2108, 350, 30034, 13, 1004, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14230662898013466, 'compression_ratio': 1.4545454545454546, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1111178994178772}, {'id': 236, 'seek': 265100, 'start': 2651.0, 'end': 2673.0, 'text': " And in fact, Simon Wardley and what's his name Ben Moisia actually actually set up a template in kumu.io specifically for wardley mapping because you can do infinite zoom in and infinite zoom out so you can you can follow that fractal pattern.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 294, 1186, 11, 13193, 23794, 3420, 293, 437, 311, 702, 1315, 3964, 3335, 15877, 767, 767, 992, 493, 257, 12379, 294, 350, 30034, 13, 1004, 4682, 337, 15234, 3420, 18350, 570, 291, 393, 360, 13785, 8863, 294, 293, 13785, 8863, 484, 370, 291, 393, 291, 393, 1524, 300, 17948, 304, 5102, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20155490072149979, 'compression_ratio': 1.5093167701863355, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38068175315856934}, {'id': 237, 'seek': 267300, 'start': 2673.0, 'end': 2683.0, 'text': ' Again, with that with that with the lens of visible invisible and the maturity of the stage of the product or component.', 'tokens': [50364, 3764, 11, 365, 300, 365, 300, 365, 264, 6765, 295, 8974, 14603, 293, 264, 28874, 295, 264, 3233, 295, 264, 1674, 420, 6542, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22726336647482479, 'compression_ratio': 1.3762376237623761, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05234704911708832}, {'id': 238, 'seek': 267300, 'start': 2683.0, 'end': 2686.0, 'text': ' That sounds great.', 'tokens': [50864, 663, 3263, 869, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22726336647482479, 'compression_ratio': 1.3762376237623761, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05234704911708832}, {'id': 239, 'seek': 268600, 'start': 2687.0, 'end': 2688.0, 'text': ' Very interesting.', 'tokens': [50414, 4372, 1880, 13, 50464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19367193901675872, 'compression_ratio': 1.6514522821576763, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05478740856051445}, {'id': 240, 'seek': 268600, 'start': 2688.0, 'end': 2708.0, 'text': " And just sort of a kind of a related question is the position of the anchor meaningful so in other words, you know, electricity for as as the output from the power company's perspective they're providing it as a commodity but I guess other organizations may be providing their thing in the frame of a product or even in the frame of custom built in Genesis.", 'tokens': [50464, 400, 445, 1333, 295, 257, 733, 295, 257, 4077, 1168, 307, 264, 2535, 295, 264, 18487, 10995, 370, 294, 661, 2283, 11, 291, 458, 11, 10356, 337, 382, 382, 264, 5598, 490, 264, 1347, 2237, 311, 4585, 436, 434, 6530, 309, 382, 257, 29125, 457, 286, 2041, 661, 6150, 815, 312, 6530, 641, 551, 294, 264, 3920, 295, 257, 1674, 420, 754, 294, 264, 3920, 295, 2375, 3094, 294, 20587, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19367193901675872, 'compression_ratio': 1.6514522821576763, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05478740856051445}, {'id': 241, 'seek': 268600, 'start': 2708.0, 'end': 2712.0, 'text': ' So is that meaningful.', 'tokens': [51464, 407, 307, 300, 10995, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19367193901675872, 'compression_ratio': 1.6514522821576763, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05478740856051445}, {'id': 242, 'seek': 271200, 'start': 2712.0, 'end': 2725.0, 'text': " The anchor should always be on top but doesn't necessarily have to be, for example, the map of mapping which I used for the very first interest slide.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 18487, 820, 1009, 312, 322, 1192, 457, 1177, 380, 4725, 362, 281, 312, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 264, 4471, 295, 18350, 597, 286, 1143, 337, 264, 588, 700, 1179, 4137, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19276604587084625, 'compression_ratio': 1.5161290322580645, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05324637144804001}, {'id': 243, 'seek': 271200, 'start': 2725.0, 'end': 2733.0, 'text': ' There the anchor is located. Yeah, at nearly at the top but not at the top most.', 'tokens': [51014, 821, 264, 18487, 307, 6870, 13, 865, 11, 412, 6217, 412, 264, 1192, 457, 406, 412, 264, 1192, 881, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19276604587084625, 'compression_ratio': 1.5161290322580645, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05324637144804001}, {'id': 244, 'seek': 271200, 'start': 2733.0, 'end': 2739.0, 'text': " And if you're talking about the X axis for for me.", 'tokens': [51414, 400, 498, 291, 434, 1417, 466, 264, 1783, 10298, 337, 337, 385, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19276604587084625, 'compression_ratio': 1.5161290322580645, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05324637144804001}, {'id': 245, 'seek': 273900, 'start': 2739.0, 'end': 2752.0, 'text': " For me it's it's very it's very important because I think if you want to have context and a landscape, then you should think about okay is this need evolving.", 'tokens': [50364, 1171, 385, 309, 311, 309, 311, 588, 309, 311, 588, 1021, 570, 286, 519, 498, 291, 528, 281, 362, 4319, 293, 257, 9661, 11, 550, 291, 820, 519, 466, 1392, 307, 341, 643, 21085, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20415029663970505, 'compression_ratio': 1.6542553191489362, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012603090144693851}, {'id': 246, 'seek': 273900, 'start': 2752.0, 'end': 2766.0, 'text': " Maybe it's about electric scooter or something like this, or is this need already evolved its commodity its commodity needs maybe power supply or power.", 'tokens': [51014, 2704, 309, 311, 466, 5210, 30441, 420, 746, 411, 341, 11, 420, 307, 341, 643, 1217, 14178, 1080, 29125, 1080, 29125, 2203, 1310, 1347, 5847, 420, 1347, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20415029663970505, 'compression_ratio': 1.6542553191489362, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012603090144693851}, {'id': 247, 'seek': 276600, 'start': 2766.0, 'end': 2773.0, 'text': ' Power.', 'tokens': [50364, 7086, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3702240943908691, 'compression_ratio': 1.0126582278481013, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013412627391517162}, {'id': 248, 'seek': 276600, 'start': 2773.0, 'end': 2776.0, 'text': ' All right.', 'tokens': [50714, 1057, 558, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3702240943908691, 'compression_ratio': 1.0126582278481013, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013412627391517162}, {'id': 249, 'seek': 276600, 'start': 2776.0, 'end': 2781.0, 'text': ' Questions answer to answer so far.', 'tokens': [50864, 27738, 1867, 281, 1867, 370, 1400, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3702240943908691, 'compression_ratio': 1.0126582278481013, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013412627391517162}, {'id': 250, 'seek': 276600, 'start': 2781.0, 'end': 2784.0, 'text': ' Okay, then I just carry on.', 'tokens': [51114, 1033, 11, 550, 286, 445, 3985, 322, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.3702240943908691, 'compression_ratio': 1.0126582278481013, 'no_speech_prob': 0.013412627391517162}, {'id': 251, 'seek': 278400, 'start': 2784.0, 'end': 2795.0, 'text': ' Yeah, we were at the at the point where we have to make strategic decisions and to ask ourselves, where would it be best to invest.', 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 321, 645, 412, 264, 412, 264, 935, 689, 321, 362, 281, 652, 10924, 5327, 293, 281, 1029, 4175, 11, 689, 576, 309, 312, 1151, 281, 1963, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09205375611782074, 'compression_ratio': 1.4728260869565217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01797604374587536}, {'id': 252, 'seek': 278400, 'start': 2795.0, 'end': 2811.0, 'text': ' And that was also the question that Simon Wadley was or found himself confronted with in 2005 when he looked for a future for his business.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 300, 390, 611, 264, 1168, 300, 13193, 343, 345, 3420, 390, 420, 1352, 3647, 31257, 365, 294, 14394, 562, 415, 2956, 337, 257, 2027, 337, 702, 1606, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.09205375611782074, 'compression_ratio': 1.4728260869565217, 'no_speech_prob': 0.01797604374587536}, {'id': 253, 'seek': 281100, 'start': 2811.0, 'end': 2819.0, 'text': ' So, you then can apply also gameplay.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 291, 550, 393, 3079, 611, 11421, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1787971019744873, 'compression_ratio': 1.4478527607361964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019395997747778893}, {'id': 254, 'seek': 281100, 'start': 2819.0, 'end': 2822.0, 'text': ' Yeah, come to context specific gameplays.', 'tokens': [50764, 865, 11, 808, 281, 4319, 2685, 11421, 82, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1787971019744873, 'compression_ratio': 1.4478527607361964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019395997747778893}, {'id': 255, 'seek': 281100, 'start': 2822.0, 'end': 2828.0, 'text': ' And he also, for example, or a few examples here.', 'tokens': [50914, 400, 415, 611, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 420, 257, 1326, 5110, 510, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1787971019744873, 'compression_ratio': 1.4478527607361964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019395997747778893}, {'id': 256, 'seek': 281100, 'start': 2828.0, 'end': 2838.0, 'text': ' He always finds it quite useful to apply open approaches and another one being fear uncertainty and doubt.', 'tokens': [51214, 634, 1009, 10704, 309, 1596, 4420, 281, 3079, 1269, 11587, 293, 1071, 472, 885, 4240, 15697, 293, 6385, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1787971019744873, 'compression_ratio': 1.4478527607361964, 'no_speech_prob': 0.019395997747778893}, {'id': 257, 'seek': 283800, 'start': 2838.0, 'end': 2846.0, 'text': ' So, what does that mean at the question at hand for for tango.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 437, 775, 300, 914, 412, 264, 1168, 412, 1011, 337, 337, 10266, 78, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1707016967591785, 'compression_ratio': 1.3902439024390243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009403523989021778}, {'id': 258, 'seek': 283800, 'start': 2846.0, 'end': 2857.0, 'text': ' He decided to move the platform from product into commodity and by building a platform as a service service.', 'tokens': [50764, 634, 3047, 281, 1286, 264, 3663, 490, 1674, 666, 29125, 293, 538, 2390, 257, 3663, 382, 257, 2643, 2643, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1707016967591785, 'compression_ratio': 1.3902439024390243, 'no_speech_prob': 0.009403523989021778}, {'id': 259, 'seek': 285700, 'start': 2857.0, 'end': 2871.0, 'text': ' So, to provide his future customers with as many as application as and users for the platform as possible.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 11, 281, 2893, 702, 2027, 4581, 365, 382, 867, 382, 3861, 382, 293, 5022, 337, 264, 3663, 382, 1944, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15253745185004342, 'compression_ratio': 1.5597014925373134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06456764787435532}, {'id': 260, 'seek': 285700, 'start': 2871.0, 'end': 2882.0, 'text': ' He open source open sourced it and invited other developers to develop applications for that platform.', 'tokens': [51064, 634, 1269, 4009, 1269, 11006, 1232, 309, 293, 9185, 661, 8849, 281, 1499, 5821, 337, 300, 3663, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15253745185004342, 'compression_ratio': 1.5597014925373134, 'no_speech_prob': 0.06456764787435532}, {'id': 261, 'seek': 288200, 'start': 2882.0, 'end': 2905.0, 'text': ' And being 2005, he utilize the insecurity of other players in the market with fear and certainty and doubt that they were not really sure whether cloud services or general generally and platform as a service services,', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 885, 14394, 11, 415, 16117, 264, 35058, 295, 661, 4150, 294, 264, 2142, 365, 4240, 293, 27022, 293, 6385, 300, 436, 645, 406, 534, 988, 1968, 4588, 3328, 420, 2674, 5101, 293, 3663, 382, 257, 2643, 3328, 11, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22916022012400072, 'compression_ratio': 1.4563758389261745, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03255010396242142}, {'id': 262, 'seek': 290500, 'start': 2905.0, 'end': 2922.0, 'text': ' were already a thing and was the actually the first platform as a service who made a platform widely accessible and I think 2006 with a company called Zimki.', 'tokens': [50364, 645, 1217, 257, 551, 293, 390, 264, 767, 264, 700, 3663, 382, 257, 2643, 567, 1027, 257, 3663, 13371, 9515, 293, 286, 519, 14062, 365, 257, 2237, 1219, 1176, 332, 2984, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24037032033882888, 'compression_ratio': 1.4102564102564104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14955879747867584}, {'id': 263, 'seek': 290500, 'start': 2922.0, 'end': 2931.0, 'text': ' And but that unfortunate, although Zimki was quite successful.', 'tokens': [51214, 400, 457, 300, 17843, 11, 4878, 1176, 332, 2984, 390, 1596, 4406, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24037032033882888, 'compression_ratio': 1.4102564102564104, 'no_speech_prob': 0.14955879747867584}, {'id': 264, 'seek': 293100, 'start': 2931.0, 'end': 2950.0, 'text': " They seized operation in 2007 because the parent company of Fotango and Zimki didn't want to pursue the endeavors any further and so the company had to close although it was quite profitable and had a growing customer basis.", 'tokens': [50364, 814, 33912, 6916, 294, 12656, 570, 264, 2596, 2237, 295, 479, 310, 17150, 293, 1176, 332, 2984, 994, 380, 528, 281, 12392, 264, 49608, 604, 3052, 293, 370, 264, 2237, 632, 281, 1998, 4878, 309, 390, 1596, 21608, 293, 632, 257, 4194, 5474, 5143, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1924905387722716, 'compression_ratio': 1.391304347826087, 'no_speech_prob': 0.03507065027952194}, {'id': 265, 'seek': 295000, 'start': 2950.0, 'end': 2970.0, 'text': ' And what we can learn from that is that he changed the business model completely from operating and online photo service to providing platform as a service and providing applications for other users and customers.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 437, 321, 393, 1466, 490, 300, 307, 300, 415, 3105, 264, 1606, 2316, 2584, 490, 7447, 293, 2950, 5052, 2643, 281, 6530, 3663, 382, 257, 2643, 293, 6530, 5821, 337, 661, 5022, 293, 4581, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1027556300163269, 'compression_ratio': 1.5214285714285714, 'no_speech_prob': 0.0725209191441536}, {'id': 266, 'seek': 297000, 'start': 2970.0, 'end': 2993.0, 'text': " So that's like, for example, with Nokia Nokia also I think they made shoes at one time and then became became and providers of network hardware and then many manufacturers of smartphones and all mobile phones, not smartphones.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 300, 311, 411, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 365, 43980, 43980, 611, 286, 519, 436, 1027, 6654, 412, 472, 565, 293, 550, 3062, 3062, 293, 11330, 295, 3209, 8837, 293, 550, 867, 18455, 295, 26782, 293, 439, 6013, 10216, 11, 406, 26782, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23880592145417867, 'compression_ratio': 1.5818181818181818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3347550630569458}, {'id': 267, 'seek': 297000, 'start': 2993.0, 'end': 2999.0, 'text': " That's the thing that they missed.", 'tokens': [51514, 663, 311, 264, 551, 300, 436, 6721, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23880592145417867, 'compression_ratio': 1.5818181818181818, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3347550630569458}, {'id': 268, 'seek': 299900, 'start': 2999.0, 'end': 3023.0, 'text': ' So you always have to look and see how you can make changes to your services for product, your business and by by orienting yourself in the landscape and seeing what you can make use of to gain strategic advantages or maybe to reinvent yourself.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 1009, 362, 281, 574, 293, 536, 577, 291, 393, 652, 2962, 281, 428, 3328, 337, 1674, 11, 428, 1606, 293, 538, 538, 8579, 278, 1803, 294, 264, 9661, 293, 2577, 437, 291, 393, 652, 764, 295, 281, 6052, 10924, 14906, 420, 1310, 281, 33477, 1803, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10210083998166598, 'compression_ratio': 1.5705128205128205, 'no_speech_prob': 0.012206733226776123}, {'id': 269, 'seek': 302300, 'start': 3023.0, 'end': 3047.0, 'text': ' Also, Simon has a list for context specific play also about 40 things or 40 items where you can have a look at and determine what might be suitable to to utilize for your service and in your market.', 'tokens': [50364, 2743, 11, 13193, 575, 257, 1329, 337, 4319, 2685, 862, 611, 466, 3356, 721, 420, 3356, 4754, 689, 291, 393, 362, 257, 574, 412, 293, 6997, 437, 1062, 312, 12873, 281, 281, 16117, 337, 428, 2643, 293, 294, 428, 2142, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14162787331475152, 'compression_ratio': 1.346938775510204, 'no_speech_prob': 0.02671797201037407}, {'id': 270, 'seek': 304700, 'start': 3047.0, 'end': 3052.0, 'text': ' So back to the strategy cycle.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 646, 281, 264, 5206, 6586, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1616006851196289, 'compression_ratio': 1.6013986013986015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11565059423446655}, {'id': 271, 'seek': 304700, 'start': 3052.0, 'end': 3054.0, 'text': ' We just went one.', 'tokens': [50614, 492, 445, 1437, 472, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1616006851196289, 'compression_ratio': 1.6013986013986015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11565059423446655}, {'id': 272, 'seek': 304700, 'start': 3054.0, 'end': 3057.0, 'text': ' We just want went one time around.', 'tokens': [50714, 492, 445, 528, 1437, 472, 565, 926, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1616006851196289, 'compression_ratio': 1.6013986013986015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11565059423446655}, {'id': 273, 'seek': 304700, 'start': 3057.0, 'end': 3072.0, 'text': ' And so what you do is you decide on your strategy you act, and then you reiterate that strategy cycle and repeated as often and fast as possible.', 'tokens': [50864, 400, 370, 437, 291, 360, 307, 291, 4536, 322, 428, 5206, 291, 605, 11, 293, 550, 291, 33528, 300, 5206, 6586, 293, 10477, 382, 2049, 293, 2370, 382, 1944, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1616006851196289, 'compression_ratio': 1.6013986013986015, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11565059423446655}, {'id': 274, 'seek': 307200, 'start': 3072.0, 'end': 3085.0, 'text': " So the faster you can go through that strategy cycle, the better you can react to changing conditions and you're to a better to a changing environment.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 264, 4663, 291, 393, 352, 807, 300, 5206, 6586, 11, 264, 1101, 291, 393, 4515, 281, 4473, 4487, 293, 291, 434, 281, 257, 1101, 281, 257, 4473, 2823, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17790386256049662, 'compression_ratio': 1.438095238095238, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08868122100830078}, {'id': 275, 'seek': 308500, 'start': 3085.0, 'end': 3111.0, 'text': " So a few takeaways. It's not about the maps. It's about the conversations that you have around those maps the challenges, the interaction with others, because only if you work together in a group and try to work together with as many people as possible, you really can generate valuable insights", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 257, 1326, 45584, 13, 467, 311, 406, 466, 264, 11317, 13, 467, 311, 466, 264, 7315, 300, 291, 362, 926, 729, 11317, 264, 4759, 11, 264, 9285, 365, 2357, 11, 570, 787, 498, 291, 589, 1214, 294, 257, 1594, 293, 853, 281, 589, 1214, 365, 382, 867, 561, 382, 1944, 11, 291, 534, 393, 8460, 8263, 14310, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16354273211571477, 'compression_ratio': 1.6298342541436464, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1845814734697342}, {'id': 276, 'seek': 311100, 'start': 3111.0, 'end': 3118.0, 'text': ' and develop the best most strategy for your product service or business.', 'tokens': [50364, 293, 1499, 264, 1151, 881, 5206, 337, 428, 1674, 2643, 420, 1606, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2683021933944137, 'compression_ratio': 1.5802469135802468, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04014509916305542}, {'id': 277, 'seek': 311100, 'start': 3118.0, 'end': 3134.0, 'text': ' Another overview so where you use more or what that what the maps and what the mapping makes use of quite a few different things you observe you communicate you take action you learn.', 'tokens': [50714, 3996, 12492, 370, 689, 291, 764, 544, 420, 437, 300, 437, 264, 11317, 293, 437, 264, 18350, 1669, 764, 295, 1596, 257, 1326, 819, 721, 291, 11441, 291, 7890, 291, 747, 3069, 291, 1466, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2683021933944137, 'compression_ratio': 1.5802469135802468, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04014509916305542}, {'id': 278, 'seek': 313400, 'start': 3134.0, 'end': 3149.0, 'text': ' You have different patterns and challenges and scenarios at hand and you have you have something that helps you make the best decisions.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 362, 819, 8294, 293, 4759, 293, 15077, 412, 1011, 293, 291, 362, 291, 362, 746, 300, 3665, 291, 652, 264, 1151, 5327, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1744237312903771, 'compression_ratio': 1.5538461538461539, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16426409780979156}, {'id': 279, 'seek': 313400, 'start': 3149.0, 'end': 3160.0, 'text': " There's one important quote from Simon that I don't want to leave out here. All maps are imperfect and all models are wrong and someone will always make a better map.", 'tokens': [51114, 821, 311, 472, 1021, 6513, 490, 13193, 300, 286, 500, 380, 528, 281, 1856, 484, 510, 13, 1057, 11317, 366, 26714, 293, 439, 5245, 366, 2085, 293, 1580, 486, 1009, 652, 257, 1101, 4471, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1744237312903771, 'compression_ratio': 1.5538461538461539, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16426409780979156}, {'id': 280, 'seek': 316000, 'start': 3160.0, 'end': 3178.0, 'text': " And that it's not perfect and it's not about perfection. It's just about making things visible and to to gain situational awareness and an overview of the challenges at hand.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 309, 311, 406, 2176, 293, 309, 311, 406, 466, 19708, 13, 467, 311, 445, 466, 1455, 721, 8974, 293, 281, 281, 6052, 2054, 1478, 8888, 293, 364, 12492, 295, 264, 4759, 412, 1011, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20608121044230912, 'compression_ratio': 1.4705882352941178, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04667040705680847}, {'id': 281, 'seek': 316000, 'start': 3178.0, 'end': 3183.0, 'text': ' So how do you learn strategy with a water mapping.', 'tokens': [51264, 407, 577, 360, 291, 1466, 5206, 365, 257, 1281, 18350, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20608121044230912, 'compression_ratio': 1.4705882352941178, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04667040705680847}, {'id': 282, 'seek': 318300, 'start': 3183.0, 'end': 3203.0, 'text': ' So before you can learn to read maps, which is relatively easy. You can learn to make maps which is medium difficult, gets better than more you do it, and learn to use maps and in the process of what the mapping, which is not very easy and takes a lot of sustained effort.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 949, 291, 393, 1466, 281, 1401, 11317, 11, 597, 307, 7226, 1858, 13, 509, 393, 1466, 281, 652, 11317, 597, 307, 6399, 2252, 11, 2170, 1101, 813, 544, 291, 360, 309, 11, 293, 1466, 281, 764, 11317, 293, 294, 264, 1399, 295, 437, 264, 18350, 11, 597, 307, 406, 588, 1858, 293, 2516, 257, 688, 295, 23389, 4630, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17862918972969055, 'compression_ratio': 1.6585365853658536, 'no_speech_prob': 0.33702367544174194}, {'id': 283, 'seek': 320300, 'start': 3203.0, 'end': 3209.0, 'text': " It's the best thing is just to go and do it.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 264, 1151, 551, 307, 445, 281, 352, 293, 360, 309, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17697899917076373, 'compression_ratio': 1.4864864864864864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.039552539587020874}, {'id': 284, 'seek': 320300, 'start': 3209.0, 'end': 3214.0, 'text': ' Because as you move along the way the better you get.', 'tokens': [50664, 1436, 382, 291, 1286, 2051, 264, 636, 264, 1101, 291, 483, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17697899917076373, 'compression_ratio': 1.4864864864864864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.039552539587020874}, {'id': 285, 'seek': 320300, 'start': 3214.0, 'end': 3223.0, 'text': ' Another possibility can you can learn the strategy cycle by by reading or by learning the words of soon to and John Boyd.', 'tokens': [50914, 3996, 7959, 393, 291, 393, 1466, 264, 5206, 6586, 538, 538, 3760, 420, 538, 2539, 264, 2283, 295, 2321, 281, 293, 2619, 9486, 67, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17697899917076373, 'compression_ratio': 1.4864864864864864, 'no_speech_prob': 0.039552539587020874}, {'id': 286, 'seek': 322300, 'start': 3223.0, 'end': 3235.0, 'text': ' You can learn landscape by reading and make maps and learn and use climatic patterns. The same for doctrine and at last gameplay.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 1466, 9661, 538, 3760, 293, 652, 11317, 293, 1466, 293, 764, 5644, 2399, 8294, 13, 440, 912, 337, 23290, 293, 412, 1036, 11421, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23472501436869303, 'compression_ratio': 1.576271186440678, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05257248878479004}, {'id': 287, 'seek': 322300, 'start': 3235.0, 'end': 3247.0, 'text': ' Simon himself has a few recommendations he has recommends the course by the leading edge for forum or the pragmatic water mapping course by Ben Moja.', 'tokens': [50964, 13193, 3647, 575, 257, 1326, 10434, 415, 575, 34556, 264, 1164, 538, 264, 5775, 4691, 337, 17542, 420, 264, 46904, 1281, 18350, 1164, 538, 3964, 3335, 2938, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23472501436869303, 'compression_ratio': 1.576271186440678, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05257248878479004}, {'id': 288, 'seek': 324700, 'start': 3247.0, 'end': 3268.0, 'text': ' So a wonderful list over at GitHub with some water mapping resources and of course his book which is freely available or medium for you to read, not quite finished yet, but with I think already 1818 or 19 chapters and valuable resource.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 257, 3715, 1329, 670, 412, 23331, 365, 512, 1281, 18350, 3593, 293, 295, 1164, 702, 1446, 597, 307, 16433, 2435, 420, 6399, 337, 291, 281, 1401, 11, 406, 1596, 4335, 1939, 11, 457, 365, 286, 519, 1217, 2443, 6494, 420, 1294, 20013, 293, 8263, 7684, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23630422704360066, 'compression_ratio': 1.388235294117647, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07353826612234116}, {'id': 289, 'seek': 326800, 'start': 3268.0, 'end': 3282.0, 'text': ' That brings me to the last point on the agenda, which is question and answers. So feel free to hit us up.', 'tokens': [50364, 663, 5607, 385, 281, 264, 1036, 935, 322, 264, 9829, 11, 597, 307, 1168, 293, 6338, 13, 407, 841, 1737, 281, 2045, 505, 493, 13, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23174542394177666, 'compression_ratio': 1.1666666666666667, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5559188723564148}, {'id': 290, 'seek': 328200, 'start': 3282.0, 'end': 3289.0, 'text': ' All the great works to you, Florian in the chat and if you can see the chat people saying great presentation. Thank you very much. Really good.', 'tokens': [50364, 1057, 264, 869, 1985, 281, 291, 11, 8328, 952, 294, 264, 5081, 293, 498, 291, 393, 536, 264, 5081, 561, 1566, 869, 5860, 13, 1044, 291, 588, 709, 13, 4083, 665, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2979155293217412, 'compression_ratio': 1.3970588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4016774296760559}, {'id': 291, 'seek': 328200, 'start': 3289.0, 'end': 3292.0, 'text': ' Cool. Welcome. Very welcome.', 'tokens': [50714, 8561, 13, 4027, 13, 4372, 2928, 13, 50864], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2979155293217412, 'compression_ratio': 1.3970588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4016774296760559}, {'id': 292, 'seek': 328200, 'start': 3292.0, 'end': 3299.0, 'text': ' Pleasure.', 'tokens': [50864, 25658, 2508, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2979155293217412, 'compression_ratio': 1.3970588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4016774296760559}, {'id': 293, 'seek': 328200, 'start': 3299.0, 'end': 3303.0, 'text': ' Thanks.', 'tokens': [51214, 2561, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2979155293217412, 'compression_ratio': 1.3970588235294117, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4016774296760559}, {'id': 294, 'seek': 330300, 'start': 3303.0, 'end': 3307.0, 'text': " It's the first time I see this and there's a lot to it.", 'tokens': [50364, 467, 311, 264, 700, 565, 286, 536, 341, 293, 456, 311, 257, 688, 281, 309, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2886358287236462, 'compression_ratio': 1.5757575757575757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23506492376327515}, {'id': 295, 'seek': 330300, 'start': 3307.0, 'end': 3314.0, 'text': " Yes, definitely, definitely took me mapping and it's you know, you get up like that.", 'tokens': [50564, 1079, 11, 2138, 11, 2138, 1890, 385, 18350, 293, 309, 311, 291, 458, 11, 291, 483, 493, 411, 300, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2886358287236462, 'compression_ratio': 1.5757575757575757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23506492376327515}, {'id': 296, 'seek': 330300, 'start': 3314.0, 'end': 3318.0, 'text': ' It takes a bit more training I reckon and a bit more using.', 'tokens': [50914, 467, 2516, 257, 857, 544, 3097, 286, 29548, 293, 257, 857, 544, 1228, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2886358287236462, 'compression_ratio': 1.5757575757575757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23506492376327515}, {'id': 297, 'seek': 330300, 'start': 3318.0, 'end': 3325.0, 'text': ' Definitely. It took me years to dive deeper into the stuff.', 'tokens': [51114, 12151, 13, 467, 1890, 385, 924, 281, 9192, 7731, 666, 264, 1507, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2886358287236462, 'compression_ratio': 1.5757575757575757, 'no_speech_prob': 0.23506492376327515}, {'id': 298, 'seek': 332500, 'start': 3325.0, 'end': 3334.0, 'text': ' But I thought I am when I saw it for the first time I have just found a fascinating and near genius.', 'tokens': [50364, 583, 286, 1194, 286, 669, 562, 286, 1866, 309, 337, 264, 700, 565, 286, 362, 445, 1352, 257, 10343, 293, 2651, 14017, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16664872487386068, 'compression_ratio': 1.586734693877551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09495408833026886}, {'id': 299, 'seek': 332500, 'start': 3334.0, 'end': 3351.0, 'text': ' And then I dug a little bit deeper but yet to understand how those things and the single steps of the water mapping process and the strategy cycle are related takes quite a bit of time.', 'tokens': [50814, 400, 550, 286, 22954, 257, 707, 857, 7731, 457, 1939, 281, 1223, 577, 729, 721, 293, 264, 2167, 4439, 295, 264, 1281, 18350, 1399, 293, 264, 5206, 6586, 366, 4077, 2516, 1596, 257, 857, 295, 565, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16664872487386068, 'compression_ratio': 1.586734693877551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09495408833026886}, {'id': 300, 'seek': 332500, 'start': 3351.0, 'end': 3353.0, 'text': " But it's worth the time.", 'tokens': [51664, 583, 309, 311, 3163, 264, 565, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16664872487386068, 'compression_ratio': 1.586734693877551, 'no_speech_prob': 0.09495408833026886}, {'id': 301, 'seek': 335300, 'start': 3353.0, 'end': 3366.0, 'text': " Exactly. And the good thing is you can start right away. There's no right or wrong. You're just getting better and better. So there's no need to wait years to begin. Just jump in and start and discover your way through.", 'tokens': [50364, 7587, 13, 400, 264, 665, 551, 307, 291, 393, 722, 558, 1314, 13, 821, 311, 572, 558, 420, 2085, 13, 509, 434, 445, 1242, 1101, 293, 1101, 13, 407, 456, 311, 572, 643, 281, 1699, 924, 281, 1841, 13, 1449, 3012, 294, 293, 722, 293, 4411, 428, 636, 807, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18338112397627396, 'compression_ratio': 1.6533333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04075683280825615}, {'id': 302, 'seek': 335300, 'start': 3366.0, 'end': 3375.0, 'text': ' Yeah, I agree. I mean, even if you just start thinking about that concept, not everything has to be perfectly built. Just thinking about these concepts.', 'tokens': [51014, 865, 11, 286, 3986, 13, 286, 914, 11, 754, 498, 291, 445, 722, 1953, 466, 300, 3410, 11, 406, 1203, 575, 281, 312, 6239, 3094, 13, 1449, 1953, 466, 613, 10392, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.18338112397627396, 'compression_ratio': 1.6533333333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04075683280825615}, {'id': 303, 'seek': 337500, 'start': 3375.0, 'end': 3384.0, 'text': ' No matter how embryonic will generate some good discussion and some challenging, which is always good.', 'tokens': [50364, 883, 1871, 577, 31588, 11630, 486, 8460, 512, 665, 5017, 293, 512, 7595, 11, 597, 307, 1009, 665, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1988532066345215, 'compression_ratio': 1.4270833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13700886070728302}, {'id': 304, 'seek': 337500, 'start': 3384.0, 'end': 3388.0, 'text': " And we've had another question in the chat window.", 'tokens': [50814, 400, 321, 600, 632, 1071, 1168, 294, 264, 5081, 4910, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1988532066345215, 'compression_ratio': 1.4270833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13700886070728302}, {'id': 305, 'seek': 337500, 'start': 3388.0, 'end': 3403.0, 'text': ' Yeah, from Rahul in India. In the tea shop example. Why is the cup of tea not custom built, but a product on the X axis?', 'tokens': [51014, 865, 11, 490, 17844, 425, 294, 5282, 13, 682, 264, 5817, 3945, 1365, 13, 1545, 307, 264, 4414, 295, 5817, 406, 2375, 3094, 11, 457, 257, 1674, 322, 264, 1783, 10298, 30, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1988532066345215, 'compression_ratio': 1.4270833333333333, 'no_speech_prob': 0.13700886070728302}, {'id': 306, 'seek': 340300, 'start': 3403.0, 'end': 3410.0, 'text': " Yeah, it's a good question. First of all, I would say because Simon put it there.", 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 309, 311, 257, 665, 1168, 13, 2386, 295, 439, 11, 286, 576, 584, 570, 13193, 829, 309, 456, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13562762109856857, 'compression_ratio': 1.4038461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014037751592695713}, {'id': 307, 'seek': 340300, 'start': 3410.0, 'end': 3428.0, 'text': ' But yeah, we can think about that and discuss it. Probably because the cup of tea, the cup is available at other stores and quite common.', 'tokens': [50714, 583, 1338, 11, 321, 393, 519, 466, 300, 293, 2248, 309, 13, 9210, 570, 264, 4414, 295, 5817, 11, 264, 4414, 307, 2435, 412, 661, 9512, 293, 1596, 2689, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13562762109856857, 'compression_ratio': 1.4038461538461537, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014037751592695713}, {'id': 308, 'seek': 342800, 'start': 3428.0, 'end': 3433.0, 'text': ' I will figure that in England and you have quite a few tea stores.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 486, 2573, 300, 294, 8196, 293, 291, 362, 1596, 257, 1326, 5817, 9512, 13, 50614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17636094093322754, 'compression_ratio': 1.4385964912280702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04808247089385986}, {'id': 309, 'seek': 342800, 'start': 3433.0, 'end': 3456.0, 'text': ' And so that would probably be the reason. But you can also, for example, if you have a mouth blown hand painted cup and homegrown tea leaves from the winter garden or glass house.', 'tokens': [50614, 400, 370, 300, 576, 1391, 312, 264, 1778, 13, 583, 291, 393, 611, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 498, 291, 362, 257, 4525, 16479, 1011, 11797, 4414, 293, 1280, 38413, 5817, 5510, 490, 264, 6355, 7431, 420, 4276, 1782, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17636094093322754, 'compression_ratio': 1.4385964912280702, 'no_speech_prob': 0.04808247089385986}, {'id': 310, 'seek': 345600, 'start': 3456.0, 'end': 3464.0, 'text': ' It might be in a different area. It depends on how common the thing is that you provide.', 'tokens': [50364, 467, 1062, 312, 294, 257, 819, 1859, 13, 467, 5946, 322, 577, 2689, 264, 551, 307, 300, 291, 2893, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08853421776981676, 'compression_ratio': 1.41875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05568768456578255}, {'id': 311, 'seek': 345600, 'start': 3464.0, 'end': 3479.0, 'text': " So if your tea and the cup you serve it in look nearly like the ones over at Starbucks, I would say it's in the very far right of product.", 'tokens': [50764, 407, 498, 428, 5817, 293, 264, 4414, 291, 4596, 309, 294, 574, 6217, 411, 264, 2306, 670, 412, 26303, 11, 286, 576, 584, 309, 311, 294, 264, 588, 1400, 558, 295, 1674, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.08853421776981676, 'compression_ratio': 1.41875, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05568768456578255}, {'id': 312, 'seek': 347900, 'start': 3479.0, 'end': 3496.0, 'text': ' So Florian, is it is the question there? Is it is it also not only about how the organization can produce said product or item, but also the markets ability to understand the item in terms of how they would use it, how they would consume it?', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 8328, 952, 11, 307, 309, 307, 264, 1168, 456, 30, 1119, 309, 307, 309, 611, 406, 787, 466, 577, 264, 4475, 393, 5258, 848, 1674, 420, 3174, 11, 457, 611, 264, 8383, 3485, 281, 1223, 264, 3174, 294, 2115, 295, 577, 436, 576, 764, 309, 11, 577, 436, 576, 14732, 309, 30, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20137039633358225, 'compression_ratio': 1.631336405529954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05480179563164711}, {'id': 313, 'seek': 347900, 'start': 3496.0, 'end': 3507.0, 'text': ' Yes, for example, you would if you would put an iPhone on the Wadley map in comparison to an Android smartphone.', 'tokens': [51214, 1079, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 291, 576, 498, 291, 576, 829, 364, 7252, 322, 264, 343, 345, 3420, 4471, 294, 9660, 281, 364, 8853, 13307, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20137039633358225, 'compression_ratio': 1.631336405529954, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05480179563164711}, {'id': 314, 'seek': 350700, 'start': 3507.0, 'end': 3534.0, 'text': " The iPhone would be in another area of the evolution axis, because the iPhone provides you with the different you've experienced, for example, as an Android smartphone, which also, which is also a reason why Apple can charge a higher price for an iPhone.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 7252, 576, 312, 294, 1071, 1859, 295, 264, 9303, 10298, 11, 570, 264, 7252, 6417, 291, 365, 264, 819, 291, 600, 6751, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 382, 364, 8853, 13307, 11, 597, 611, 11, 597, 307, 611, 257, 1778, 983, 6373, 393, 4602, 257, 2946, 3218, 337, 364, 7252, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14699968858198686, 'compression_ratio': 1.4767441860465116, 'no_speech_prob': 0.059143248945474625}, {'id': 315, 'seek': 353400, 'start': 3534.0, 'end': 3543.0, 'text': ' So you can differentiate yourself by by putting things in different stages of the evolution axis.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 291, 393, 23203, 1803, 538, 538, 3372, 721, 294, 819, 10232, 295, 264, 9303, 10298, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15255067083570692, 'compression_ratio': 1.2857142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07831641286611557}, {'id': 316, 'seek': 353400, 'start': 3543.0, 'end': 3546.0, 'text': " We've got another couple of questions for you, Florian.", 'tokens': [50814, 492, 600, 658, 1071, 1916, 295, 1651, 337, 291, 11, 8328, 952, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15255067083570692, 'compression_ratio': 1.2857142857142858, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07831641286611557}, {'id': 317, 'seek': 354600, 'start': 3546.0, 'end': 3558.0, 'text': ' What empirical evidence do we have about how well Wadley maps work and which domains they work best in?', 'tokens': [50364, 708, 31886, 4467, 360, 321, 362, 466, 577, 731, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 589, 293, 597, 25514, 436, 589, 1151, 294, 30, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2598876158396403, 'compression_ratio': 1.1891891891891893, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38780075311660767}, {'id': 318, 'seek': 354600, 'start': 3558.0, 'end': 3562.0, 'text': " Good question. I don't know.", 'tokens': [50964, 2205, 1168, 13, 286, 500, 380, 458, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2598876158396403, 'compression_ratio': 1.1891891891891893, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38780075311660767}, {'id': 319, 'seek': 356200, 'start': 3562.0, 'end': 3580.0, 'text': ' Better ask Simon, I think. I know that Mark Kredog from the United Nations uses them. I know that they were used in some government projects in Great Britain.', 'tokens': [50364, 15753, 1029, 13193, 11, 286, 519, 13, 286, 458, 300, 3934, 591, 986, 664, 490, 264, 2824, 16459, 4960, 552, 13, 286, 458, 300, 436, 645, 1143, 294, 512, 2463, 4455, 294, 3769, 12960, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12392874117250796, 'compression_ratio': 1.3806451612903226, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1883712112903595}, {'id': 320, 'seek': 356200, 'start': 3580.0, 'end': 3587.0, 'text': " But I don't have any empirical evidence at hand. Sorry.", 'tokens': [51264, 583, 286, 500, 380, 362, 604, 31886, 4467, 412, 1011, 13, 4919, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.12392874117250796, 'compression_ratio': 1.3806451612903226, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1883712112903595}, {'id': 321, 'seek': 358700, 'start': 3587.0, 'end': 3602.0, 'text': " And we know that some startups in Hamburg are using Wadley maps. And I know from my own experience that that's some bigger companies which are operating worldwide are using Wadley maps.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 321, 458, 300, 512, 28041, 294, 34118, 366, 1228, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 13, 400, 286, 458, 490, 452, 1065, 1752, 300, 300, 311, 512, 3801, 3431, 597, 366, 7447, 13485, 366, 1228, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15894498381503794, 'compression_ratio': 1.4566929133858268, 'no_speech_prob': 0.15089458227157593}, {'id': 322, 'seek': 360200, 'start': 3602.0, 'end': 3618.0, 'text': " So it's the tool that you can use by your own if you want to evolve your own business, your one-managed so or you can evolve your whole big worldwide company or even the state if you would like.", 'tokens': [50364, 407, 309, 311, 264, 2290, 300, 291, 393, 764, 538, 428, 1065, 498, 291, 528, 281, 16693, 428, 1065, 1606, 11, 428, 472, 12, 1601, 2980, 370, 420, 291, 393, 16693, 428, 1379, 955, 13485, 2237, 420, 754, 264, 1785, 498, 291, 576, 411, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24857098715645926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5310734463276836, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1212168037891388}, {'id': 323, 'seek': 360200, 'start': 3618.0, 'end': 3628.0, 'text': ' And yeah, Amazon or Adrian Cockroft at Amazon Web Services uses Wadley maps.', 'tokens': [51164, 400, 1338, 11, 6795, 420, 31746, 39410, 340, 844, 412, 6795, 9573, 12124, 4960, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 13, 51664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24857098715645926, 'compression_ratio': 1.5310734463276836, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1212168037891388}, {'id': 324, 'seek': 362800, 'start': 3628.0, 'end': 3635.0, 'text': ' Oh, Helen tells us that she believes Spark New Zealand is also using Wadley maps.', 'tokens': [50364, 876, 11, 26294, 5112, 505, 300, 750, 12307, 23424, 1873, 13883, 307, 611, 1228, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10938038936881132, 'compression_ratio': 1.328358208955224, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05958165228366852}, {'id': 325, 'seek': 362800, 'start': 3635.0, 'end': 3648.0, 'text': " It gains traction. It's definitely getting some more attention and it's getting more widespread.", 'tokens': [50714, 467, 16823, 23558, 13, 467, 311, 2138, 1242, 512, 544, 3202, 293, 309, 311, 1242, 544, 22679, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.10938038936881132, 'compression_ratio': 1.328358208955224, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05958165228366852}, {'id': 326, 'seek': 364800, 'start': 3648.0, 'end': 3662.0, 'text': ' Maru, the owner of that question would also like to know how do you use Wadley maps and product development and agile teams at which level?', 'tokens': [50364, 2039, 84, 11, 264, 7289, 295, 300, 1168, 576, 611, 411, 281, 458, 577, 360, 291, 764, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 293, 1674, 3250, 293, 30072, 5491, 412, 597, 1496, 30, 51064], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1392813565438254, 'compression_ratio': 1.3819444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1029670387506485}, {'id': 327, 'seek': 364800, 'start': 3662.0, 'end': 3664.0, 'text': ' What was the last bit? Sorry.', 'tokens': [51064, 708, 390, 264, 1036, 857, 30, 4919, 13, 51164], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1392813565438254, 'compression_ratio': 1.3819444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1029670387506485}, {'id': 328, 'seek': 364800, 'start': 3664.0, 'end': 3666.0, 'text': ' At what level?', 'tokens': [51164, 1711, 437, 1496, 30, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1392813565438254, 'compression_ratio': 1.3819444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1029670387506485}, {'id': 329, 'seek': 364800, 'start': 3666.0, 'end': 3669.0, 'text': ' At what level?', 'tokens': [51264, 1711, 437, 1496, 30, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1392813565438254, 'compression_ratio': 1.3819444444444444, 'no_speech_prob': 0.1029670387506485}, {'id': 330, 'seek': 366900, 'start': 3669.0, 'end': 3675.0, 'text': ' I know that my company, a few departments use Wadley maps for product management.', 'tokens': [50364, 286, 458, 300, 452, 2237, 11, 257, 1326, 15326, 764, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 337, 1674, 4592, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1332587145142636, 'compression_ratio': 1.5116279069767442, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08224257081747055}, {'id': 331, 'seek': 366900, 'start': 3675.0, 'end': 3693.0, 'text': ' Just to and I do it also myself to generate an overview and just to have a representation of the states, the components of my individual services are in and to anticipate change.', 'tokens': [50664, 1449, 281, 293, 286, 360, 309, 611, 2059, 281, 8460, 364, 12492, 293, 445, 281, 362, 257, 10290, 295, 264, 4368, 11, 264, 6677, 295, 452, 2609, 3328, 366, 294, 293, 281, 21685, 1319, 13, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1332587145142636, 'compression_ratio': 1.5116279069767442, 'no_speech_prob': 0.08224257081747055}, {'id': 332, 'seek': 369300, 'start': 3693.0, 'end': 3710.0, 'text': ' For example, I work in IT infrastructure dealing with client devices and client device services and there the thing bring your own devices, for example, thing and the question.', 'tokens': [50364, 1171, 1365, 11, 286, 589, 294, 6783, 6896, 6260, 365, 6423, 5759, 293, 6423, 4302, 3328, 293, 456, 264, 551, 1565, 428, 1065, 5759, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 551, 293, 264, 1168, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.23829269409179688, 'compression_ratio': 1.4789915966386555, 'no_speech_prob': 0.07246600836515427}, {'id': 333, 'seek': 371000, 'start': 3710.0, 'end': 3735.0, 'text': ' And when you look at IT infrastructure in the past 20 years, there already have been quite a few changes and the way that you provide those services for your customers and that you can also and so to be able to predict or anticipate, not predict, anticipate the future.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 562, 291, 574, 412, 6783, 6896, 294, 264, 1791, 945, 924, 11, 456, 1217, 362, 668, 1596, 257, 1326, 2962, 293, 264, 636, 300, 291, 2893, 729, 3328, 337, 428, 4581, 293, 300, 291, 393, 611, 293, 370, 281, 312, 1075, 281, 6069, 420, 21685, 11, 406, 6069, 11, 21685, 264, 2027, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1307880129132952, 'compression_ratio': 1.5353535353535352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16406302154064178}, {'id': 334, 'seek': 371000, 'start': 3735.0, 'end': 3739.0, 'text': ' Wadley maps can be really of help.', 'tokens': [51614, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 393, 312, 534, 295, 854, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1307880129132952, 'compression_ratio': 1.5353535353535352, 'no_speech_prob': 0.16406302154064178}, {'id': 335, 'seek': 373900, 'start': 3739.0, 'end': 3758.0, 'text': ' And in addition, I experienced one agile product development team in software development, which used all the Wadley maps to differentiate themselves from the competitors, for example.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 294, 4500, 11, 286, 6751, 472, 30072, 1674, 3250, 1469, 294, 4722, 3250, 11, 597, 1143, 439, 264, 343, 345, 3420, 11317, 281, 23203, 2969, 490, 264, 18333, 11, 337, 1365, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.14110192737063845, 'compression_ratio': 1.362962962962963, 'no_speech_prob': 0.05312328785657883}, {'id': 336, 'seek': 375800, 'start': 3758.0, 'end': 3764.0, 'text': ' So they generated a Wadley map for two competitors.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 436, 10833, 257, 343, 345, 3420, 4471, 337, 732, 18333, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1702789172791598, 'compression_ratio': 1.3975903614457832, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18866486847400665}, {'id': 337, 'seek': 375800, 'start': 3764.0, 'end': 3783.0, 'text': ' And they also said, okay, what do we have to change? Where are they evolving to or towards which maybe sector of the X axis and then you could do better or more informed decisions.', 'tokens': [50664, 400, 436, 611, 848, 11, 1392, 11, 437, 360, 321, 362, 281, 1319, 30, 2305, 366, 436, 21085, 281, 420, 3030, 597, 1310, 6977, 295, 264, 1783, 10298, 293, 550, 291, 727, 360, 1101, 420, 544, 11740, 5327, 13, 51614], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1702789172791598, 'compression_ratio': 1.3975903614457832, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18866486847400665}, {'id': 338, 'seek': 378300, 'start': 3783.0, 'end': 3798.0, 'text': ' And you can provide the purpose and the why because maybe just one hint that strategy is the movement in most companies I experienced strategy is just a PowerPoint and maybe a meeting.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 291, 393, 2893, 264, 4334, 293, 264, 983, 570, 1310, 445, 472, 12075, 300, 5206, 307, 264, 3963, 294, 881, 3431, 286, 6751, 5206, 307, 445, 257, 25584, 293, 1310, 257, 3440, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.19978863314578407, 'compression_ratio': 1.426356589147287, 'no_speech_prob': 0.22946332395076752}, {'id': 339, 'seek': 379800, 'start': 3798.0, 'end': 3805.0, 'text': " And what's missing in most cases from my experience is, first of all, the context.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 437, 311, 5361, 294, 881, 3331, 490, 452, 1752, 307, 11, 700, 295, 439, 11, 264, 4319, 13, 50714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2009174558851454, 'compression_ratio': 1.4775280898876404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2898678481578827}, {'id': 340, 'seek': 379800, 'start': 3805.0, 'end': 3819.0, 'text': ' What are we in? And what are what components, even on high level are depending on each other and where are we now? Maybe you can just grab into your strategies from your companies.', 'tokens': [50714, 708, 366, 321, 294, 30, 400, 437, 366, 437, 6677, 11, 754, 322, 1090, 1496, 366, 5413, 322, 1184, 661, 293, 689, 366, 321, 586, 30, 2704, 291, 393, 445, 4444, 666, 428, 9029, 490, 428, 3431, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.2009174558851454, 'compression_ratio': 1.4775280898876404, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2898678481578827}, {'id': 341, 'seek': 381900, 'start': 3819.0, 'end': 3828.0, 'text': " The thing is, where are we now and why we want to move there? That's mostly missing from my experience.", 'tokens': [50364, 440, 551, 307, 11, 689, 366, 321, 586, 293, 983, 321, 528, 281, 1286, 456, 30, 663, 311, 5240, 5361, 490, 452, 1752, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21254224362580673, 'compression_ratio': 1.7478991596638656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2381945103406906}, {'id': 342, 'seek': 381900, 'start': 3828.0, 'end': 3847.0, 'text': ' My experience, what has been mostly missing, I spent seven years in strategy consulting technology and had a anyways, and what is mostly missing is the strategy itself, which is how do I get to what goal and what are my, my various paths across this labyrinth of possibilities or endless number of possibilities.', 'tokens': [50814, 1222, 1752, 11, 437, 575, 668, 5240, 5361, 11, 286, 4418, 3407, 924, 294, 5206, 23682, 2899, 293, 632, 257, 13448, 11, 293, 437, 307, 5240, 5361, 307, 264, 5206, 2564, 11, 597, 307, 577, 360, 286, 483, 281, 437, 3387, 293, 437, 366, 452, 11, 452, 3683, 14518, 2108, 341, 287, 46800, 392, 295, 12178, 420, 16144, 1230, 295, 12178, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.21254224362580673, 'compression_ratio': 1.7478991596638656, 'no_speech_prob': 0.2381945103406906}, {'id': 343, 'seek': 384700, 'start': 3847.0, 'end': 3860.0, 'text': ' And at best you get one time strategy snapshot in time thrown at your face associated with a huge investment in a big transformation. So you put all your eggs in one basket.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 412, 1151, 291, 483, 472, 565, 5206, 30163, 294, 565, 11732, 412, 428, 1851, 6615, 365, 257, 2603, 6078, 294, 257, 955, 9887, 13, 407, 291, 829, 439, 428, 6466, 294, 472, 8390, 13, 51014], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15893645584583282, 'compression_ratio': 1.5699481865284974, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18917109072208405}, {'id': 344, 'seek': 384700, 'start': 3860.0, 'end': 3868.0, 'text': ' And at best maybe three, four additional tactics in how to deal with particular aspects and optimize micro pockets of challenges.', 'tokens': [51014, 400, 412, 1151, 1310, 1045, 11, 1451, 4497, 19454, 294, 577, 281, 2028, 365, 1729, 7270, 293, 19719, 4532, 16491, 295, 4759, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.15893645584583282, 'compression_ratio': 1.5699481865284974, 'no_speech_prob': 0.18917109072208405}, {'id': 345, 'seek': 386800, 'start': 3868.0, 'end': 3879.0, 'text': " And that's what people call 500 decks, slight decks of strategy and, you know, engage the whole organization in three years, transformations upon that's what is taught at MBA schools.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 300, 311, 437, 561, 818, 5923, 32607, 11, 4036, 32607, 295, 5206, 293, 11, 291, 458, 11, 4683, 264, 1379, 4475, 294, 1045, 924, 11, 34852, 3564, 300, 311, 437, 307, 5928, 412, 26674, 4656, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22520813941955567, 'compression_ratio': 1.5794392523364487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38170430064201355}, {'id': 346, 'seek': 386800, 'start': 3879.0, 'end': 3880.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [50914, 865, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22520813941955567, 'compression_ratio': 1.5794392523364487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38170430064201355}, {'id': 347, 'seek': 386800, 'start': 3880.0, 'end': 3890.0, 'text': " And that's the problem because you have no written, you don't have situational, situational awareness, you just have buzzwords and a lot of stories.", 'tokens': [50964, 400, 300, 311, 264, 1154, 570, 291, 362, 572, 3720, 11, 291, 500, 380, 362, 2054, 1478, 11, 2054, 1478, 8888, 11, 291, 445, 362, 13036, 13832, 293, 257, 688, 295, 3676, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.22520813941955567, 'compression_ratio': 1.5794392523364487, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38170430064201355}, {'id': 348, 'seek': 389000, 'start': 3890.0, 'end': 3898.0, 'text': ' And in addition, the problem is that you have to go, go more deep into detail.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 294, 4500, 11, 264, 1154, 307, 300, 291, 362, 281, 352, 11, 352, 544, 2452, 666, 2607, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16539229517397674, 'compression_ratio': 1.3515625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3031725287437439}, {'id': 349, 'seek': 389000, 'start': 3898.0, 'end': 3907.0, 'text': ' You can have a high level strategy for sure you can say hey we want to be more agile whatever.', 'tokens': [50764, 509, 393, 362, 257, 1090, 1496, 5206, 337, 988, 291, 393, 584, 4177, 321, 528, 281, 312, 544, 30072, 2035, 13, 51214], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.16539229517397674, 'compression_ratio': 1.3515625, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3031725287437439}, {'id': 350, 'seek': 390700, 'start': 3907.0, 'end': 3927.0, 'text': " And the missing part, as you mentioned, or as I understood is that nobody has a clue how and this this how is the most important part for the levels beneath because the maybe the CEOs don't have all the situation awareness or all the knowledge about each context.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 264, 5361, 644, 11, 382, 291, 2835, 11, 420, 382, 286, 7320, 307, 300, 5079, 575, 257, 13602, 577, 293, 341, 341, 577, 307, 264, 881, 1021, 644, 337, 264, 4358, 17149, 570, 264, 1310, 264, 40736, 500, 380, 362, 439, 264, 2590, 8888, 420, 439, 264, 3601, 466, 1184, 4319, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24469634942841112, 'compression_ratio': 1.4943181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4517676532268524}, {'id': 351, 'seek': 392700, 'start': 3927.0, 'end': 3951.0, 'text': ' They just know, okay, we have to move there, for example, and all the other parts should do the inspection and they should generate a landscape and they should generate the whole value chain from their perspective and apply the how so the movement, so to say,', 'tokens': [50364, 814, 445, 458, 11, 1392, 11, 321, 362, 281, 1286, 456, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 293, 439, 264, 661, 3166, 820, 360, 264, 22085, 293, 436, 820, 8460, 257, 9661, 293, 436, 820, 8460, 264, 1379, 2158, 5021, 490, 641, 4585, 293, 3079, 264, 577, 370, 264, 3963, 11, 370, 281, 584, 11, 51564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20865922225149056, 'compression_ratio': 1.6818181818181819, 'no_speech_prob': 0.5865100622177124}, {'id': 352, 'seek': 395100, 'start': 3951.0, 'end': 3955.0, 'text': ' how they want to achieve the certain point.', 'tokens': [50364, 577, 436, 528, 281, 4584, 264, 1629, 935, 13, 50564], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20045487473650678, 'compression_ratio': 1.573394495412844, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3884546160697937}, {'id': 353, 'seek': 395100, 'start': 3955.0, 'end': 3971.0, 'text': " The how is one big blind spot there but also how to play the game, what are the possible follow up moves, and then how to update them because on a slide deck you can do it plus whenever you try to do stuff like that is called it's too complex to overblown nobody's going to understand it stop there.", 'tokens': [50564, 440, 577, 307, 472, 955, 6865, 4008, 456, 457, 611, 577, 281, 862, 264, 1216, 11, 437, 366, 264, 1944, 1524, 493, 6067, 11, 293, 550, 577, 281, 5623, 552, 570, 322, 257, 4137, 9341, 291, 393, 360, 309, 1804, 5699, 291, 853, 281, 360, 1507, 411, 300, 307, 1219, 309, 311, 886, 3997, 281, 670, 5199, 648, 5079, 311, 516, 281, 1223, 309, 1590, 456, 13, 51364], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20045487473650678, 'compression_ratio': 1.573394495412844, 'no_speech_prob': 0.3884546160697937}, {'id': 354, 'seek': 397100, 'start': 3971.0, 'end': 3979.0, 'text': ' So nobody does really strategy if you look at other ways to the strategy which are playbooks if you look at basketball coaches football coaches playbooks.', 'tokens': [50364, 407, 5079, 775, 534, 5206, 498, 291, 574, 412, 661, 2098, 281, 264, 5206, 597, 366, 862, 15170, 498, 291, 574, 412, 11767, 17503, 7346, 17503, 862, 15170, 13, 50764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24326099048961292, 'compression_ratio': 1.7990867579908676, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38120928406715393}, {'id': 355, 'seek': 397100, 'start': 3979.0, 'end': 3990.0, 'text': " That's exactly what it tried to do just watch what playbooks are open and published about basketball playbooks games you will see they draw similar things to what limits but just on a basketball court.", 'tokens': [50764, 663, 311, 2293, 437, 309, 3031, 281, 360, 445, 1159, 437, 862, 15170, 366, 1269, 293, 6572, 466, 11767, 862, 15170, 2813, 291, 486, 536, 436, 2642, 2531, 721, 281, 437, 10406, 457, 445, 322, 257, 11767, 4753, 13, 51314], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24326099048961292, 'compression_ratio': 1.7990867579908676, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38120928406715393}, {'id': 356, 'seek': 397100, 'start': 3990.0, 'end': 3992.0, 'text': ' Yeah.', 'tokens': [51314, 865, 13, 51414], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24326099048961292, 'compression_ratio': 1.7990867579908676, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38120928406715393}, {'id': 357, 'seek': 397100, 'start': 3992.0, 'end': 3999.0, 'text': ' Again, so to age and awareness.', 'tokens': [51414, 3764, 11, 370, 281, 3205, 293, 8888, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.24326099048961292, 'compression_ratio': 1.7990867579908676, 'no_speech_prob': 0.38120928406715393}, {'id': 358, 'seek': 399900, 'start': 3999.0, 'end': 4005.0, 'text': ' All right, any further questions.', 'tokens': [50364, 1057, 558, 11, 604, 3052, 1651, 13, 50664], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13010801315307619, 'compression_ratio': 1.1219512195121952, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014882424846291542}, {'id': 359, 'seek': 399900, 'start': 4005.0, 'end': 4008.0, 'text': ' There was the question before if you can share the slides.', 'tokens': [50664, 821, 390, 264, 1168, 949, 498, 291, 393, 2073, 264, 9788, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.13010801315307619, 'compression_ratio': 1.1219512195121952, 'no_speech_prob': 0.014882424846291542}, {'id': 360, 'seek': 400800, 'start': 4008.0, 'end': 4017.0, 'text': ' Yeah, definitely. I just wanted to say a few more words on the slides.', 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 2138, 13, 286, 445, 1415, 281, 584, 257, 1326, 544, 2283, 322, 264, 9788, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1873377853969358, 'compression_ratio': 1.4, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11732347309589386}, {'id': 361, 'seek': 400800, 'start': 4017.0, 'end': 4031.0, 'text': ' I have created a PDF. I would send it to Ben if I can not upload it myself to the to the meet update or meet up event.', 'tokens': [50814, 286, 362, 2942, 257, 17752, 13, 286, 576, 2845, 309, 281, 3964, 498, 286, 393, 406, 6580, 309, 2059, 281, 264, 281, 264, 1677, 5623, 420, 1677, 493, 2280, 13, 51514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.1873377853969358, 'compression_ratio': 1.4, 'no_speech_prob': 0.11732347309589386}, {'id': 362, 'seek': 403100, 'start': 4031.0, 'end': 4040.0, 'text': " And I've included a little bit more and just want to walk through that in a few seconds.", 'tokens': [50364, 400, 286, 600, 5556, 257, 707, 857, 544, 293, 445, 528, 281, 1792, 807, 300, 294, 257, 1326, 3949, 13, 50814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.185497072007921, 'compression_ratio': 1.608433734939759, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12230543047189713}, {'id': 363, 'seek': 403100, 'start': 4040.0, 'end': 4060.0, 'text': " I have included a bonus on doctrine, if different presentation of Simon's of Simon's doctrine patterns, and where you can have a look at a link for doctrine online where you can.", 'tokens': [50814, 286, 362, 5556, 257, 10882, 322, 23290, 11, 498, 819, 5860, 295, 13193, 311, 295, 13193, 311, 23290, 8294, 11, 293, 689, 291, 393, 362, 257, 574, 412, 257, 2113, 337, 23290, 2950, 689, 291, 393, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.185497072007921, 'compression_ratio': 1.608433734939759, 'no_speech_prob': 0.12230543047189713}, {'id': 364, 'seek': 406000, 'start': 4060.0, 'end': 4072.0, 'text': ' Yeah, incorporate the doctrine patterns and have a look how well the doctrine patterns, for example, present in your organization.', 'tokens': [50364, 865, 11, 16091, 264, 23290, 8294, 293, 362, 257, 574, 577, 731, 264, 23290, 8294, 11, 337, 1365, 11, 1974, 294, 428, 4475, 13, 50964], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20822930947328225, 'compression_ratio': 1.5919282511210762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10504349321126938}, {'id': 365, 'seek': 406000, 'start': 4072.0, 'end': 4088.0, 'text': " I have included a few resources like learn more than mapping.com Simon's books Eric does book, the book from Eric shun, which is also highly recommended the courses and a great talk by cats with tell on how to start mapping.", 'tokens': [50964, 286, 362, 5556, 257, 1326, 3593, 411, 1466, 544, 813, 18350, 13, 1112, 13193, 311, 3642, 9336, 775, 1446, 11, 264, 1446, 490, 9336, 402, 409, 11, 597, 307, 611, 5405, 9628, 264, 7712, 293, 257, 869, 751, 538, 11111, 365, 980, 322, 577, 281, 722, 18350, 13, 51764], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.20822930947328225, 'compression_ratio': 1.5919282511210762, 'no_speech_prob': 0.10504349321126938}, {'id': 366, 'seek': 408800, 'start': 4088.0, 'end': 4103.0, 'text': ' And then you can see a few YouTube playlists, one in German for German speakers, one and a general playlist and yeah, two more.', 'tokens': [50364, 400, 550, 291, 393, 536, 257, 1326, 3088, 862, 36693, 11, 472, 294, 6521, 337, 6521, 9518, 11, 472, 293, 257, 2674, 16788, 293, 1338, 11, 732, 544, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.5029576815091646, 'compression_ratio': 1.5192307692307692, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4536712169647217}, {'id': 367, 'seek': 408800, 'start': 4103.0, 'end': 4110.0, 'text': ' The two YouTube channels by one by Ben Moser and the other one, the Wallimap channel.', 'tokens': [51114, 440, 732, 3088, 9235, 538, 472, 538, 3964, 19430, 260, 293, 264, 661, 472, 11, 264, 9551, 332, 569, 2269, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.5029576815091646, 'compression_ratio': 1.5192307692307692, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4536712169647217}, {'id': 368, 'seek': 408800, 'start': 4110.0, 'end': 4115.0, 'text': " And yeah, that's right.", 'tokens': [51464, 400, 1338, 11, 300, 311, 558, 13, 51714], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.5029576815091646, 'compression_ratio': 1.5192307692307692, 'no_speech_prob': 0.4536712169647217}, {'id': 369, 'seek': 411500, 'start': 4115.0, 'end': 4118.0, 'text': ' You can also contact us on Twitter.', 'tokens': [50364, 509, 393, 611, 3385, 505, 322, 5794, 13, 50514], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17600819601941464, 'compression_ratio': 1.3725490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018159661442041397}, {'id': 370, 'seek': 411500, 'start': 4118.0, 'end': 4126.0, 'text': ' And we would be happy if you reach out to us and get in touch.', 'tokens': [50514, 400, 321, 576, 312, 2055, 498, 291, 2524, 484, 281, 505, 293, 483, 294, 2557, 13, 50914], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17600819601941464, 'compression_ratio': 1.3725490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018159661442041397}, {'id': 371, 'seek': 411500, 'start': 4126.0, 'end': 4130.0, 'text': ' I will load up the slides as a PDF.', 'tokens': [50914, 286, 486, 3677, 493, 264, 9788, 382, 257, 17752, 13, 51114], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17600819601941464, 'compression_ratio': 1.3725490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018159661442041397}, {'id': 372, 'seek': 411500, 'start': 4130.0, 'end': 4133.0, 'text': ' And that was was it from me.', 'tokens': [51114, 400, 300, 390, 390, 309, 490, 385, 13, 51264], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17600819601941464, 'compression_ratio': 1.3725490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018159661442041397}, {'id': 373, 'seek': 411500, 'start': 4133.0, 'end': 4137.0, 'text': ' Thank you for having me.', 'tokens': [51264, 1044, 291, 337, 1419, 385, 13, 51464], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17600819601941464, 'compression_ratio': 1.3725490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018159661442041397}, {'id': 374, 'seek': 411500, 'start': 4137.0, 'end': 4144.0, 'text': ' Well done. Thank you.', 'tokens': [51464, 1042, 1096, 13, 1044, 291, 13, 51814], 'temperature': 0.0, 'avg_logprob': -0.17600819601941464, 'compression_ratio': 1.3725490196078431, 'no_speech_prob': 0.018159661442041397}], 'language': 'en'}]
